We now return to the extended director's cut of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
Charlie, don't forget what happened to the boy - who got everything he ever wanted.
- What? He lived happily ever after.
But he did have to earn it.
Hint, hint.
Do it, Charlie! I'm not going back to that four-person bed! Hell, I'll do it, if you want! No! It has to be a child! What did he just say? Brian, this does not seem appropriate to watch in front of the baby.
Not appropriate? You took me to see Magic Mike XXL.
Uhp, this one's wet.
Uh, this one, too.
Also wet.
Huh.
This one's dry, but the back of the seat in front of it is wet.
Let's put on something more child-friendly.
Time to "Too-tooty-too" with The Turtlenecks! Oh, God, no.
These guys are horrible.
Do you kazoo? I often do When I am blue I do kazoo Tootooty-Too Goes my kazoo I will kazoo Hey how 'bout you? - (kazoos playing on TV) - Uch.
All they're doing is announcing that they play the kazoo, and then asking if others also play the kazoo.
This doesn't seem so bad.
I mean, after all, it's a song for babies.
Yeah, but-but that's the thing.
Baby songs never tackle real baby issues.
You know, like like loud noises.
Or teething.
Or when Dad uses me as a lumbar pillow.
- Eh - Ow.
- Eh - Ow.
Ow.
- (grunts) - Ow.
- (irritated grunt) - Ow.
(sighs) This thing works better in the car.
Well, how could they address baby issues? Children's songs are written by adults.
And, dollars to donuts, white adults.
I-I.
.
Who-who are you mad at, Brian? Uch, how much time you got? Not enough for that, but you're right.
If you want a song a baby'll like, you've got to get a baby to write it.
Well, call John Mayer.
He's a big, fat baby.
No, I'll do it, and you can help.
Well, I I did write a musical about Alexander Hamilton.
(chuckles) Not-not that one, but, uh, sure, I'm in.
Ooh, I'm excited.
This'll be great.
And those guys back at the factory can suck it.
I'm gonna get out of this place one day.
Hey, Butch.
Get a load of Stewie.
He says he's gonna get out of here.
(laughing) You don't know me, man.
I'm different.
I got ideas.
Hey, Butch, you hear that? Stewie's got ideas.
Shut up! I'm gonna go across that river and make it to the city on the other side.
I'm gonna be a singer.
Bublé over here says he's gonna be a singer.
Hey, Bublé, I got a tune for you to sing.
It's called "Get Your Ass Back on the Forklift, Lunch is Over".
Hey, Stewie, don't listen to those guys.
Follow your heart.
Shut up, Butch.
You're the loser of this crew.
Hey guys, you hear that? Butch told me to follow my heart.
(laughter) Dad, can I have 50 bucks for a shamrock tattoo? It's time.
All right, but make sure you get it where everyone can see.
Hold on, Peter.
I-if Chris wants money for something, maybe it's time he got a part-time job.
He could mow lawns or-or babysit.
I can't work.
I'm too young.
Well, Will Smith's little kid works as a movie star, even though he looks like a wet baby horse.
All right, I suppose I could get a job.
Well, maybe even my old job as the guy racing through an airport at the end of a romantic comedy.
Taxi! Taxi! (tires screech) Hey.
Are you crazy? Crazy for love.
The most amazing girl I've ever met leaves on a plane in five minutes.
Get in.
I get knocked down, but I get up again You're never gonna keep me down I get knocked down, but I get up again You're never gonna keep me down What the hell's going on? This guy's in love.
Is she worth it? She's a once-in-a-life-time girl.
I'll give you an escort.
He drinks a whiskey drink, he drinks a vodka drink He drinks a lager drink, he drinks a cider drink He sings the songs No charge.
That remind him of the better times P.
A.
ANNOUNCER: Final boarding call for Ashley's flight to stuffy New England college.
Final boarding.
Ooh, whoa, whoa, whoa, child.
What's the hurry? The love of my life, that's what.
We got a code Romeo.
Repeat, code Romeo.
If you get there on time, there's an extra 50 in it for you.
I love this job! I get knocked down, but I get up again You're never gonna keep me down CHRIS: Ashley, wait! (panting) I wouldn't miss this for all the rush hour fares in Bigtown.
Chris, you came.
Oh, my God! Let me get my grandma.
Chris? Ashley.
I love you.
(both grunting) (groaning) Oh, you're groaning at me? You paid $19 to fly Spirit Air.
You get what you get.
All right, Brian, I've written a few songs, all about stuff babies actually care about.
No more rainbows and unicorns.
Real baby issues.
Right, like heartworm and parvo? No, baby stuff.
Oh, oh, human babies.
I didn't I didn't realize there was an agenda.
Okay, look, just pay attention.
Momma liked to party when you were in her belly Drinking, she did some Momma liked to party when you were in her belly That's why you are dumb.
I call that "Momma Liked to Party (Chris's Song)".
Stewie, that's good.
Hey, can I write one? Yeah, we need as many as we can.
Our first gig is Saturday.
It's a birthday party.
Wow, already? How'd you book a gig so fast? Easy.
I figured out the perfect way to get the word out to middle-aged moms.
Musical entertainment, available for parties.
Musical entertainment, available for parties.
Hey.
Where you drinking that Chardonnay? Oh, hey, Chris, how's the job hunt going? Terrible.
I can't find a job anywhere.
A lot of people seem to be turned off by my dishonorable discharge.
What, from the Army? No, it's a euphemism.
Oh, yucky.
Uh, you guys, I need help unloading the groceries.
My undiagnosed mom injury is flaring up.
These little things of applesauce better not be for desserts.
WOMAN: Go to hell, Glenn Quagmire! I'm sorry, but Mondays are Asian only.
Why is your last name Wong? It's my married name.
Now I see why you're here.
Geez, what was that about? Ah, a little scheduling mix-up.
I am just so busy, I-I don't have any time to organize my own life.
Wait a minute, what if you had someone to help keep you organized? Chris is looking for work.
Maybe he can help you out, be your assistant.
Huh, maybe.
You have any references? Uh, "cowabunga," "schwing," "yada, yada, yada.
" Those are pretty good references.
You're hired.
(indistinct conversations) Look at that.
Look at the cake.
"Happy Birthday Charlie and Uncle Craig.
" And Uncle Craig's written in a different color.
Oh, poor Uncle Craig.
Hey, is that your ex-girlfriend, Olivia? God, what's she doing here? She was always such a nightmare.
(children laughing) Olivia?! Oh, my God, do I look okay? I hate this shirt.
Switch shirts.
Switch shirts! Stewie? Oh, I thought that was you.
Hey, Olivia, hey, what brings you here? Oh, the birthday boy and I met at Burt Reynolds' acting camp in Jupiter, Florida.
Well, I'm glad to hear you're still acting.
You know, the last time I saw you, you were Burning in a cardboard house? Yeah, burning in a cardboard house, yeah.
Uh, hey, listen, uh, I don't know if you've heard, but we're the entertainment.
Aw, that's good.
Good for you.
Okay, great to see you.
Come on, Stewie, it's not about her.
It's about those six children watching and the spazzy kid who's just waiting for the snakes.
BOY: Bring out the snakes! It's a hot crowd, have fun out there.
I'm gonna go feed everything in my van to each other.
Okay, kids, if everyone's done washing their hands from the snakes, we have some fun music for y No climbing on the boat! Okay, now please welcome Red Shirt Blue Shirt.
All right, we're Red Shirt Blue Shirt, and here's a song we call "Mommy and Daddy's Room.
" And we think it's one you can all relate to.
When everybody's gone to sleep And you've said good night moon There's plenty of noise still coming From Mommy and Daddy's room Oh, Daddy says "please," Mommy says "no" Daddy says "come on," Mommy says "whoa" Daddy goes (grunts), Mommy goes "ow" Daddy says "I'm done," Mommy goes "wow" Daddy rolls over and falls asleep Mommy drinks wine in the dark.
My God, did you hear 'em, Stewie? We're a hit.
We got to go out and celebrate.
Oh, he can't go out with you tonight.
He's got a date with me.
Really? Awesome.
Brian, I can't go.
I'm not feeling well.
Stewie, I've been standing here the whole time.
But, you know-you know what, that's fine.
I'll just go have a dog-style celebration by myself.
Yeah! Awesome time! This is very fun for me! - Hey! - Oh, hey! - This is fun, right? - The best! And me, too! Great crowd, babe.
What are What is this? Oh, Olivia's president of our fan club.
She's also doing half the band.
Do you even know what that means? Uh, let's just say I couldn't toddle right for a week.
Okay, you don't.
All right, if you'll excuse me, I have a poo poo diaper.
You really think this Olivia thing is a good idea? Why wouldn't it be? I don't know.
It just seems like it always ends badly for you two.
And it can be tricky working with an ex.
Look at Kermit and Miss Piggy.
How are you feeling, Miss Piggy? I heard you called in sick yesterday.
Yeah, I had a frog in my throat.
(short laugh) Right, Kermie? Eh? Right? Please stop drinking.
Okay, Chris, I think you're gonna be a great assistant.
Your paperwork appears to be in order, but before we get started, do you own a pair of rubber boots that you'd have to wear if you worked on a fishing boat? Uh, no, I don't think so.
All right, I guess it'll be a light day today, but tomorrow you should come wearing those.
Okay, got it.
Now, the first thing I need you to do every morning is punch me in the stomach because I'm a bad person.
Is this a trick? It's the furthest thing from a trick.
Go ahead.
And it should be pretty hard, I'm a worse person than you think.
(grunts) Okay, that's really good.
Now I need you to call Time Warner about my cable bill.
(indistinct conversations) All right, this one is for all the mommies out there.
This is what we're really saying when we're crying.
Please put some butt paste on my button Butt paste on my button Smear it on my button for the fire down below Oh, oh, oh, butt paste on my button Butt paste on my button Need it on my button 'cause it Cools and quells me so.
Stay away, stay away From the big kid in the baby swing.
There's a little metal box At the top of the stairs In the back of the closet And a tiny little key That's hidden in a book In the drawer with the socks And I know how to use it To open up the box And that's where the gun is.
You know, I talk a lot of smack, but at the end of the day, these guys are pros.
Even Broken Arm Coyote with Washboard.
Hey, let's keep this party rolling.
I'll go get us another badly-scratched plastic pitcher of soda.
Ugh, finally, he's doing something useful.
What? What do you mean? Nothing.
It's just, you write all the songs, you've got a better voice, you've got the sweet bod Oh, my God, babe.
Plus, you've got all the cool catchphrases like "damn you all" or "what the dude" or whatever.
Uh, it-it's "deuce.
" But, uh, but yeah, you're-you're right, it I-I do.
Does it-does it sound through the mic like I'm saying "dude"? Should it be "dude"? Meanwhile, everyone thinks Brian is the star of the group.
Who thinks that? I don't know.
I'm just saying, after every show, the fans are always petting Brian, and not you.
No one's allowed to pet me.
It's illegal.
I just hate to see Brian getting all the attention that you deserve.
You should really watch your back.
Wow, it's hard to believe Brian would betray me.
I mean, he was there for me when I hit rock bottom.
See, Brian? That's a rock bottom.
Thanks for being here for that.
Now get out of here, we're about to drink some Chardonnay.
Chris, could you please get Hannah a thank-you basket and schedule her next appointment? I'd like to see her again in two weeks.
Of course.
Mr.
Quagmire can fit in you at 3:00 a week from Thursday.
That works.
And you know to fast the night before? Yup.
And would you like to leave your panties in the fishbowl for a chance to win a free lunch? Good luck.
When you gonna do that drawing anyway? Oh, there's no drawing, I just like smelling the bowl.
You know, you're doing a great job, Chris.
Why don't you jerk the rest of the day off.
Man, this is the best job ever.
And to think I almost took that pop-up restaurant gig.
- Hi, you hungry?! - Aah! Check, check, Malia.
Check, Obama.
Check, check, check, Malia, Obama.
All right, that's a creepy mic check.
Let's just do a quick run-through of "Little Brother.
" - I want a little brother - (humming the tune) On second thought I think I'd Kill him dead.
Could-could we just cut Brian's mic? His humming sounds like my table's ready at Chili's.
Stewie, what the hell is your problem? I'll tell you what my problem is: I'm doing all the work and you're just riding my coattails.
What are you talking about? I'm just as big a part of this group as you are.
Oh, really? You're writing about all your authentic baby experiences? You asked me to do this with you.
Why you being such a dick? Because I lost the baby! What was that? I don't know, he saw that in a movie or something.
Brian, this seems as good a time as any.
I think it's time to talk about your future with the band.
Are you serious? You're actually kicking me out of the band? Not at all.
In fact, I think you and I should kick Stewie out.
And I'll take his place.
- What? - BOY: Bring out the snakes! Does he just come to all of our shows? So, you want to fire Stewie and be Red Shirt Blue Shirt with me? Absolutely.
You're the whole reason the fans even like the band.
Kids love dogs.
Besides, we've both seen what Stewie's become: an impossible diva.
Yeah, but he's my friend.
Yeah, well, your friend has been talking about kicking you out of the band.
Wait, what? He has? And I don't know if you've considered this, but the clock is ticking on Stewie's cuteness.
Huh.
I guess you're right.
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if he ends up looking like an exact mash-up of Lois and Peter.
(giggles) Groceries.
Hey.
I had a thought about our costumes for today's show.
I could wear a shirt that's both red and blue, and you can do spin art with all the wussy kids who are afraid to go on rides.
Yeah? Well, how about this, Stewie? - You're fired.
- Pardon? That's right.
Olivia's taking your place in the band.
You are looking at the new Red Shirt Blue Shirt.
What the dude? Uhp, you know what, "deuce" was right.
Come on, Brian.
You and I should probably rehearse.
We've got a show in 20 minutes.
Fine, go ahead! It's not gonna be the same! Like Cheers wasn't the same when they brought in Kirstie Alley.
ALL: Norm! No, I'm-I'm Rebecca.
Meg, do you know how to use Microsoft Excel? Yeah.
I'm actually pretty good.
Yeah, you would.
Dork.
But I do need to make that spreadsheet or I'm fired.
Oh, my God.
Peter, our dishwasher is full of sex toys.
Oh, yeah, Chris put those in there.
It's for his job.
He's workin' for Quagmire now.
He's washing sex toys for Quagmire? Not just that.
He also takes pictures of Quagmire's genitals to track sore growth.
So, brace yourself when you open iPhoto.
It's on the "Griffin Family" account.
Peter, my parents have access to that.
What's wrong with this worm? And you knew about this? How could you let him do this disgusting stuff? What? You're the one who wanted Chris to get a job.
Yeah, like mowing lawns or trimming bushes.
Oh, he's doing one of those.
That's it.
I'm calling Quagmire right now and putting an end to this.
(line rings) CHRIS: You have reached Glenn Quagmire.
Neither he nor his assistant is available.
To schedule a liaison, press one.
To cancel a liaison, press two.
If you're calling to report a pregnancy, please fill out our online form, and we will mail you a check for $180.
Thank you, and have a giggity day.
(beep) Chris, this is your mother.
Get these dildos out of the dishwasher.
(cheering, applause) When everybody's gone to sleep And you've said good night moon There's plenty of noise still coming From Mommy and Daddy's room Oh, Daddy says "please", Mommy says "no" Daddy says "come on", Mommy says "whoa" Daddy goes (grunts), Mommy goes "ow" Daddy says "I'm done", Mommy goes "wow" STEWIE, BRIAN & OLIVIA: Daddy rolls over and falls asleep Mommy drinks wine in the dark.
(cheering, applause) Thank you, Quahog.
That was great.
They loved us.
Yeah, I guess, but did you see what I saw? That kid with the cane? Yeah, what do you think is wrong with him? No, Stewie was out there.
- So? - So? We're singing a song he wrote.
This whole thing was his idea.
Brian, don't mess this up.
We've got a good thing going.
I-I hate to tell you this, but I'm afraid Red Shirt Blue Shirt is done.
I can't do this.
I'm out.
I don't care.
I don't need you.
I can get a hundred dogs to fit that stupid blue shirt.
You're a monster.
Like Frankenstein, when he became a loan officer.
So, I'm looking for money to open a small business.
We plan to sell antique lamps.
(intrigued grunt) Handmade blankets.
(intrigued grunt) And pitchforks.
(furious grunt) Chris, there you are.
We need to talk.
What, are you walkin' a horse? Did Quagmire get a horse? Oh no, here we go.
I want a horse! Peter, it's not a horse.
Chris, what the hell is that? Oh, this is Mr.
Quagmire's horse gimp.
What is a "horse gimp"? It's a sexual fetishist who derives erotic pleasure from dressing in horse-themed leather gear.
Want to see me feed him a carrot? - Absolutely not.
- Hell yes.
Chris, this is no job for a teenage boy.
You have to quit right now.
I can't quit.
I'm actually good at this job.
Plus, I'm making decent money.
MORT: You could work at the pharmacy.
Quiet, Triscuit! Ooh, hook me to the plow! Chris, I have $1,100 in a paint can in the garage.
Just take that, and we'll never speak of this again.
Okay.
Great.
Now let's all go home.
Well, that's what I get for horsing around.
Ah, your joke wasn't funny enough.
(indistinct conversations) Stewie? Oh, hello, Brian.
I'm here to apologize.
And to let you know I quit the band.
You did? Yes.
It's nothing without you.
You were the band.
Those were your songs.
And I'm sorry if I let Olivia manipulate me.
(sighs) I guess she manipulated both of us.
There's just something about her flat chest and muscular legs.
Look, I never should've treated you the way I did.
I suppose I didn't treat you so well either.
So, what do you say? Can we put this all behind us and go back to the way things were? Of course we can.
Hey, I wonder if she's gonna keep the band going.
Probably.
She told me she was just gonna replace me with another dog.
Yes, but who? I don't know.
Probably some dog neither you or I have ever met.
(cheering) All right, listen up, you little pieces of garbage.
This song's about gettin' heartburn from baked clams.
And other kid stuff.

(CROWD CHATTERING, LIVELY ITALIAN MUSIC PLAYING) Ah, the Feast of San Gennaro.
Every child here has seen a relative murdered in a barber chair.
Step right up! Teach an old Italian lady how to use an iPad! Now, that sounds like fun.
I'll give it a try.
Hey, how are you? Look what I got for you.
What is it? It's a tablet computer.
I don't want it.
But you don't even know what it is.
I don't want it.
But you can watch movies on it.
My eyes hurt.
I'm trying to do something nice here! For the last time, I don't want it.
I bet you if Joey was giving it to you, you'd take it.
Don't you bring him into this.
Joey was a good boy.
Oh, yeah, yeah, Joey was a good boy? You thought he was making 100 grand a year hauling lumber? Don't you start with this.
He was dirty, Ma! I can't hear this! I won't hear it! - He was an angel! - Oh, that's right.
"Angel Joey," great Joey, perfect Joey.
I got to go to the church.
Oh, yeah, sure, light another candle.
That'll bring him back.
You watch your tongue.
Admit it, you wish it was me in that car instead of him! Just take your little TV and go! It's an iPad, you dumb cow! (GROANS) I guess I don't have any sons now.
Ma! I'm sorry, Ma! Ma! Ma! Hey, Bri, look over there.
That guy looks like Frank Sinatra, Jr.
Stewie, this is Federal Hill.
Everybody looks like Frank Sinatra, Jr.
Well, then who's that guy who looks like a young Frank Sinatra? Oh, that's Woody Allen's son, but you're right, that other guy behind him is Frank Sinatra, Jr.
Stewie! Elliot! (CHUCKLES): It-it's actually Brian.
We've-we've met many times before.
Then who's Elliot? I-I really wouldn't know.
This is a bad start to whatever we're doing.
Well, now, what brings you fellas to the festival? My dad will drive long distances for ice with colored liquid in it.
PETER: They got blue! And we all love the Italian food.
Oh, you like Italian food? Want a meatball? Yeah, I'm gonna pass on that, but it's a shame we can't get good Italian food like this in Quahog.
Well, maybe the three of us ought to open an Italian restaurant there.
Open our own Italian restaurant? I say, that sounds fun.
You, uh, you keep meatballs in your jacket? Oh, yeah, all my pockets are lined with Reynolds Wrap.
I learned that from my old buddies: Dean Martin, Jr.
, Joey Bishop, Jr.
, and Sammy Davis the Third.
Hey, where's Chris? He's over there playing that carnival game.
(ITALIAN ACCENT): Step right up! Everybody take a chance on Whack-a-Big-a-Pussy! (REPEATING RAPIDLY): Hey, Ton'! This is not what I thought it was! (YELLS) Oh, my God, Chris is out of control! I know! It must be all the violence in movies and sex on TV.
Oh.
See, I listen.
(CHUCKLES) Peter, we need to talk about what happened at the street fair.
Lois, it's an Italian festival.
You're supposed to yell "Bella, Bella" and grab as much fat ass as you can.
No, I'm talking about Chris.
I had no idea he had so much pent-up aggression.
We have to deal with his anger issues before he hurts himself.
Ah, that's good thinking, Lois.
I've seen what happens when people hold in their aggression for too long.
Don't forget, I was in that elevator with Jay-Z.
Hey, could you have your guy hit "two"? I got to get down to the business center to print out my boarding pass.
Oh! Hey! That's gonna leave a mark! (CHUCKLES) That's from a movie.
So, you girls traveling with your dad here? Hey, don't kick him, Muddy Shoes.
He's got a white suit on.
Hey, look, I don't know if you guys are really staying here, but you can't get into the pool without a room key.
Okay, Chris, your mom and I want to help you get out some of that aggression, so I thought you and me could huck rotten apples at passing cars.
Oh, I didn't know we had brown apple in the forecast.
Welp, we needed it.
Wow, can I have a turn? (TIRES SCREECHING) Hey, which one of you threw that apple at my car? He did it.
He dragged me out here.
I wanted to be in school, sir.
Where'd you get a cannon like that, kid? I work out my right arm three times a day.
Mm, Free weights? No, mostly JPEGs of Helen Hunt on my hard drive.
Well, I'm Coach Doyle, and I head up the baseball team at James Woods High.
What fake class do they also make you teach? - Driver's ed, right? - No, wood shop.
Ah, that was my second guess.
Tell me, son, how would you like to pitch for the high school team? Baseball's the sport people play while eating, right? Oh, yeah, sometimes I even watch a whole Blacklist.
I don't know, I've never played baseball before.
Oh, come on, Chris, you got to do it.
If you don't, you'll regret it.
Just like Jesus' friend, Evan, who bailed on the Last Supper.
Aw, they did a painting? I would've gone if I knew they were gonna do a painting.
Here we are, fellas.
The future site of Quahog's newest Italian restaurant.
Wow, this is a great location.
Can we afford this? Sure we can.
I set up one of those Kickstarters.
Then I realized how stupid that is and I went to the bank for a loan like an adult.
Now, fellas, the tables should all be bolted to the floor to prevent theft.
You know, most restaurants go out of business because people are stealing the tables.
The toilets should also be bolted to the floor.
I think that's pretty standard, Frank, but okay.
Great.
Now let's go find some chump's restaurant and steal his tables and toilets.
James Woods is winning for now, but y'all never know what might happen in the moments to come.
I mean, look, there's two baseball guys out on the bases right now.
What if they's run to the scoring place? BRUCE (OVER P.
A.
): Oh, here comes a new boy.
All right, Chris! Wow, I've never seen him run onto a baseball field when he wasn't chasing a duck or being chased by a duck.
That a duck over there? Ah, come on! What the hell's Coach Doyle thinking bringing in that fat slob?! You know what? I bet you a hundred bucks that "fat slob" strikes this kid out.
Ha, you're on.
Strike one! (CROWD MURMURING) Strike two! BRUCE (OVER P.
A.
): Ooh! (EXHALES) Strike three! (CHEERING) BRUCE (OVER P.
A.
): Three strikes and he's out, just like my cousin Freddie with the drugs.
Holy crap, a hundred bucks! Hey, nice going, Chris! Wow, look how proud my dad is.
Oh, my God, a duck! It was a trap! (LOUD QUACKING) Guys, tonight the drinks are on me.
I just won a hundred bucks off Chris's baseball game.
Really? How'd you do that? This dad took one look at Chris and thought he'd suck, but it turns out Chris is a great pitcher.
I'm so proud of the money I won betting on him.
You know, I bet there are plenty of other baseball dads who'd also assume Chris stinks.
Peter, we could make a lot of money.
Yeah, we could make Toni Braxton money.
Is that is that a lot? It's a lot, and then nothing.
And then a record whose proceeds go directly to creditors.
("CENTERFIELD" BY JOHN FOGERTY PLAYING) Put me in, Coach I'm ready to play Today Put me in, Coach I'm ready to play Today Look at me I can be Centerfield Well, I spent some time in the Mudville Nine Watching it from the bench You know I took some lumps When the Mighty Casey struck out So Say Hey Willie Tell the Cobb And Joe DiMaggio Don't say it ain't so You know the time is now.
Frank, where the hell is everybody? This was supposed to be our big opening night.
I'll tell you what the problem is.
Every successful restaurant has a hook or a gimmick.
That's what we're lacking.
(GASPS) No, we're not.
Frank, you're the hook! That's right.
We just need to make you the face of the restaurant.
It may be the five loaves of garlic bread I ate this morning talking, but I think that's a swell idea.
(TUNE OF "I WISH I WERE IN LOVE AGAIN" PLAYING) You'll love the meal The fancy feel The showbiz stories while you eat your veal It's family dining with a mobster feel At Frank Sinatra's restaurant Junior! The wine is red With lots of bread (AS MARLON BRANDO): And portions bigger than a horse's head.
You'll burp up sausages tonight in bed At Frank Sinatra's restaurant Here's a toast To our host The food's not great, but Drink enough and you won't know The guests will swoon and Frank will croon A "beep-bop-dooby-dop" Italian tune You dine like royalty At Frank Sinatra's restaurant We got big plans to please our fans Our cocktail waitress has enormous cans A men's room servant who will dry your hands At Frank Sinatra's restaurant Our pizza pies could win a prize The jukebox catalog is double size It plays both Capitol and, yes, Reprise That's "Repreeze.
" At Frank Sinatra's restaurant Gorgeous views And top-shelf booze Yes, we serve Jews Um, that was never an issue So, raise your glass You'll have a gas But seating's limited, so move your ass And plant it firmly Here at Frank Sinatra's restaurant Frank's restaurant Frank's res taurant.
(MUSIC ENDS) (CHUCKLES) Wow! Look at this, guys.
I can't believe we made all this in one game.
Yeah, I'm having a great time handling this money and then touching my eyeball.
Jerome, another round for my blurry friends.
Yeah, we got a good thing going.
We just have to keep Chris's talent a secret.
TOM TUCKER (OVER TV): Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Our top story tonight, the James Woods High baseball team is headed to the district championship, thanks to their secret weapon, star pitcher Chris Griffin.
Ah, crap, now everyone knows Chris is a ringer! Tom Tucker just ruined everything.
This sucks even worse than when I stubbed my toe.
Aah! Why does everything bad always happen to me?! Answer me, guy in box and guy on cross! (LOUNGE MUSIC PLAYING) (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Stewie, can I talk to you? Look, Brian, I affectionately pat all the waiters on the ass.
And if anyone has a problem with it, they should come to me directly! No, no, it's not that.
I-I've been going through our receipts, and we're actually losing money.
Well, yeah, duh.
Frank comps every meal.
Look, he's doing it again.
Little-known secret about Charlton Heston.
Never used toilet paper.
Just drop and go.
Uh, here, let me get that check for you.
(SIGHS) Well, it's official.
Nobody wants to bet against Chris now.
Damn it! I can't believe my kid isn't making money for us anymore.
I feel like Jessica Simpson's dad.
Well, there are plenty of guys willing to bet on James Woods High to win, I'll tell you that.
The only way we could ever make money now is if Chris lost.
Wait a minute, Joe, that's it! All we got to do is take those bets and get Chris to take a dive! Wait, hold on, Peter.
You're gonna ask your own son to lose on purpose? Damn, Quagmire! Your fridge gives you water from the door? Hey, champ, what you doing? My Spanish homework.
Oh, well, then maybe I'll just say this to you in Spanish.
Chris, what the hell are you doing?! Calm down.
This is how they package Snapple now.
They're trying to trick kids into drinking it.
You may not believe this, but there was a time when Snapple ruled the nation.
Preposterous! It's true.
Even Jerry Seinfeld drank it.
And he was the president of the '90s.
But why are you so down? Dad told me I have to lose the championship game on purpose.
He what?! Peter, get in here right now! Wow, someone's day-horny! Oh, hey, Chris.
Did you tell Chris he had to lose the district championship?! Let me just get a garbage bag.
Hold on.
Okay, now that I'm decent.
Yes, I did tell Chris to throw the game.
But it's okay; it's for gambling.
What?! You're betting on Chris's baseball team?! Technically against Chris's baseball team.
Are you crazy?! Do I look crazy?! What do you think puts the food on our table and the garbage bags on our backs?! Chris, your father's a jackass.
When you get on that field, you try your very best and play to win.
You understand me? Yeah.
Thanks, Mom.
But, Lois, if Chris wins that game, I'll be out a ton of money and I'll have to kiss a fella! I take all kinds of bets.
Hey, Frank, we have to talk.
You've got to stop giving away all the food for free.
Yeah, otherwise there's no way we're gonna make a profit.
Oh, we don't have to worry about money.
I might be doing a Duets thing with that Lady Goo-Ga.
Uh-huh, that's wrong.
Anyway, the restaurant's gonna go under if you keep giving away food.
All right, all right.
Thank you, Frank.
I appreciate you trying it my way.
Thank you.
What was that? Oh, I get 40 bucks every time somebody says "my way.
" Nancy gets 60.
What do you mean Chris won't take a dive?! We already took a ton of bets! Look, I'm sorry, you guys, but my hot piece-of-ass wife says no way.
It's a weird time to brag about your wife, Peter.
I don't know, I've just been so horny today.
Oh, man, I don't need to know that! Well, pull it together, Peter, 'cause we're about to lose a lot of money! (SIGHS) I know.
We're screwed once Chris takes the mound with that awesome arm of his.
Wait, so what you're saying is Chris isn't the problem, his arm is.
I guess.
Okay.
We hear you, Peter.
Loud and clear.
Yeah, we'll fix this problem.
You guys are creeping me out.
All right, I'm gonna exit while discreetly checking out the hot chick by the door.
You guys heard what I heard, right? Peter just asked us to break Chris's arm.
Well, he intimated.
I don't know what that means, but let's go rough up a teenager for beer money! Oh, I call biting! Okay, there's the baseball team's locker room right there.
Perfect! And we look like regular high school students, so we'll fit right in.
Joe, are you sure about these clothes? Trust me.
I bought the absolute latest issue of Archie comics, and this is what the kids are wearing.
Oh, hey, fellow teens.
Wait a minute, teenagers don't have wheelchairs! (SOBBING): No! Oh, no! (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Okay, guys, we've served our last free meal.
Here I go with the check.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Last time we ate here, Mr.
Sinatra's son said it was free.
Okay, uh, everyone, new policy! As is the case with many restaurants, you're going to have to pay for your food.
What? This food ain't worth paying for.
Yeah, the only reason we eat here is 'cause it's free.
Look whose restaurant thinks it's so good! Oh, yeah? If it was Joey's restaurant, you would've paid.
(CRYING) Ma! I'm sorry, Ma! Ma! I can't believe it.
They hated us.
Well, fellas, we gave it our best shot.
If you need me, I'll be back in Palm Springs, which has been completely taken over by the gays.
So, want to grab whatever wine is left and then burn the place down? Maybe, but first, let's have an unearned end-of-the-series moment where we turn out the lights on our own place.
Sorry, pal, we're closed.
(PIANO PLAYING SOMBER MUSIC) Peter, we've got great news! Chris isn't playing! He's not? Why? Well, 'cause we broke his arm like you told us to.
Shattered.
We shattered his arm.
You what?! I never told you to do that! You didn't? That's what I thought I heard.
Quagmire, this is humbling, but it may be time for all of us to talk about hearing aids.
I feel terrible! I got to go find my son! Chris! Dad, my arm's broke! And look, a Camaro! Oh, that guy must be so boss.
But listen, Chris, I had no idea this was gonna happen.
Look, I was wrong to bet on your games, and it's even worse that I told you to lose.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, that's okay, Dad.
I just feel bad that my arm is broken in so many places and hurts so much.
No, Chris, I've been a terrible dad lately.
You found something you were great at, and instead of being happy for you, I tried to use it to make money.
And now your arm is broken and your baseball career is over.
Not necessarily.
What? What are you talking about? Well, for the last few weeks, since my right arm's been exhausted from pitching, my left arm's had to, uh, pick up the slack in the bathroom.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING) (CROWD CHEERING) You see the pitcher? That's my kid.
Aah! Son of a bitch! CHRIS: Oh, my God! Sorry, Mr.
Quagmire! I heard that bone break.
My ears are fine.
Well, Chris, we're very proud of you for making it to the district championship.
Thanks, Mom.
It was really something, Lois.
The next pitch Chris threw hit his coach in the head, so there was no one to take him out of the game.
Chris walked the next 46 batters.
State record.
Wow, Chris! State record! Yeah, they got crushed.
But at least I didn't have to pay out all those bets and kiss a guy.
But I saw you kissing the driver of that Camaro.
That that-that was something else.
(WEAKLY): Baseball! 

Good evening.
I'm Tom Tucker.
Coming up, why one hello a day to the receptionist at work is the magic number.
But first, pilot strike at Quahog Airport.
Picketing began on Thursday Weird day to start a strike And both sides appear to be at an impasse.
So ground control is telling Major Tom this could be long one.
(CHUCKLES) Does anyone else like David Bowie? Hey, what the hell is up with this letter? It says I'm no longer covered on your health insurance.
Oh, yeah.
They don't cover dogs no more.
You could do COBRA for $7,300 a month though.
Would that be something you'd be interested in? I need that health insurance.
You know I have a hernia.
What if I need surgery? Well, if you need insurance that bad, maybe it's time for you to go out and get a job of your own.
This sucks.
How did you get a hernia? Actually, I got it performing an incredible act of heroism.
(CAR CRASHES, WATER SPLASHES) Oh, my God! Somebody help me! I'm sinking! (GRUNTING) Hurry! I can't hold it! Okay, let me just unstrap my baby.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Slipping, slipping.
Sorry.
What do we want? PILOTS: Fair wages! When do we want it? Originally now, but it's been delayed until 9:40 due to weather in Philly! (SIGHS) This is a mess.
Like when Peter rode that Access Hollywood bus.
(WOMEN LAUGHING, CHATTERING) (DANCE MUSIC PLAYING INSIDE) Ah, bachelorette party.
Can I fit this in? Okay, cool.
I got time.
Hello, ladies.
Wow, here comes the bride, huh? More than once, if I have anything to do with it.
Finally, the stripper's here! What? No, I'm not a stripper.
I'm a pilot.
(WOMEN WHOOPING) See? This is a real uniform.
Ooh.
Take something else off, sexy.
(EXCITED CHATTER) Oh, yeah! (LAUGHS): All right! Oh, yeah? You want a little more, huh? (DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES, WOMEN CHEERING) Yeah! All right.
Who wants me to stow my bag under their seat? (CHEERING CONTINUES) Boy, and I thought the Federal Hill bakery had nice buns.
(LAUGHS) You're talented, Denise.
You should really go for it.
Wow.
What a day.
Please don't comment.
Oh, look at you.
- Did you get a job? - Bitch.
Did I get a job? Um, this ain't a life-vest, sista.
It's a work vest from a little place called Mega Hardware.
'Cause that's basically what I am now.
Just an everyday, working-class Joe.
Well, good for you.
No.
No, Brian.
This doesn't feel right today.
Yes.
There's a rat trap in that cabinet.
With a foot in it.
And somewhere in this house, there's a footless rat.
Well, I'm off to watch some Fox News in front of the old boob tube.
Tommy used to work on the docks Union's been on strike He's down on his luck It's tough, so tough.
- Hey.
- No.
- I wasn't sure.
- I'm sure.
- Okay.
- Well, got to go.
Got to do some more picketing.
Seriously? It's, like, 9:00 at night.
Yeah, uh well, it's, uh Cleveland's stealing shot glasses! I don't like drinking NyQuil out of them little cups.
Where the hell's Quagmire going? The airport's that way.
He doesn't know we're following him, Joe.
You don't have to duck down.
I'm not.
You took a pretty hard right turn back there.
I've been like this for a while.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING INSIDE) What's he doing? This is one of them places where women go to see male strippers.
Some bisexual men go as well.
(DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES) I don't see him.
Ladies, this is your pilot speaking.
I am in the full, upright and locked position.
(WOMEN CHEERING) Oh, my.
(MUSIC STOPS) Oh, my God! What are you guys doing here?! PETER: Crap.
Our disguises didn't work.
Quagmire, I didn't know you were a male stripper.
I wasn't.
Not until the strike, anyway.
I've been out of work for three weeks.
I'm out of money.
I-I had to do something.
God, I'm so embarrassed.
Why? Stripping is a very respectable profession.
If it weren't respectable, why would real estate agents go to strip clubs for lunch? He's right.
This is tremendous.
Are you banging all these chicks? Hey, hey! That is offensive.
I am a dancer, not a gigolo! Captain Cockpit, my friend is about to get married, and we were wondering if you'd have sex with her for $500.
I'm a gigolo.
Oh, hey, it's that guy.
Are you gonna say, "Who else but Quagmire?" (CLEARS THROAT) N uh, no, I, uh, uh, w-wanted to know if Quagmire was available tomorrow evening? Are are you gay? Uh, of course not.
No.
Uh, but I'm unable to properly have sex with my wife, so I figured, you know.
Eh, who else but Quagmire? Hey, awesome cameo.
Hey, sorry I'm late, guys.
Had to stop at the dry cleaner.
The dry cleaner? Wow, somebody struck it rich.
You know, I got to tell you, I was sweating that pilot strike, but now that I'm a gigolo, I'm making money by the fistful.
Is that a giggity? That is a giggity.
Hey, Quagmire, I couldn't help but notice you got some dry cleaning hanging up in the backseat of your car.
- Did you win the lottery? - No.
Well, I hope you're not actually doing that gigolo thing.
You know, prostitution is illegal.
Uh, uh, no, no, no.
It's, uh, it's something else.
Uh, uh, Quagmire's, uh, selling online Internet cyber stuff.
Wow.
Good for you, Quagmire.
(LAUGHS) You and Gates, huh? (PHONE VIBRATES) Uh, geez, I got to go home and change into my Tarzan costume.
Uh, uh for for for the Web.
Huh.
I got to get a computer.
Excuse me.
How many BTUs does this grill have? (CHUCKLES): Oh, man.
That puppy? More than you need, less that I want.
E-Excuse me.
Do you have a small grocery cart I could put this boat-sized hunk of lumber in? Probably out in the parking lot.
Can you tell me where I can find extension cords? - Aisle 25.
- I was just there.
- 26.
- There is no 26.
So Goby gets up on the lift Don't mind me.
Just grabbing myself a cup of mud.
I like mine black.
Black as night.
Black as sin, know what I'm saying? (CHUCKLES) Haven't introduced myself.
Guys in my crew call me "The Ratchet.
" Brian, it's not your break.
Get out there and help the customers.
Brian? (CHUCKLES) Who are you, my father? Ha! This guy.
- Get out there! - Yes, sir.
That guy's got no idea how hard I'm work Bird! A bird got in! Awesome! (PLAYING GENTLE CLASSICAL MUSIC) (CELL PHONE RINGING) PETER: Hello? Hey, Quagmire, what's going on? Oh, you need a ride? Yeah, sure.
I can come get you.
I'm not doing anything.
(FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING) (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) Meg, that was the last guy, so just lock up when you're done.
Thanks for the ride.
One of my tricks drove me here from the Clam, and I didn't have any money for a cab.
Why not? Didn't she just pay you for sex? No.
After it was over, she said she wasn't gonna pay.
Well, that ain't fair.
You can't let these women take advantage of you like that.
What apartment is she in? I'll go talk to her.
She's in unit 17.
You know, if you're going back in anyway, can you grab my belt? It's reversible, so I'd hate to lose it.
PETER: Hey, you didn't pay my friend! So I'm gonna play with your doorbell until you pay up.
(DOORBELL RINGING RAPIDLY) WOMAN: Stop it! PETER: I can do this all day.
I love buttons.
WOMAN: Fine, here's your money! (DOORBELL STOPS) Here you go.
Peter, this is amazing.
Thank you.
Hey, you know what? Here's a little something for your trouble.
You're giving me a cut? Wow, thanks! No problem.
It's just too bad you're not here every time.
Well, I could be.
I mean, my days are pretty open, and I don't sleep a lot at night 'cause of health stuff.
Huh.
That'd be kind of nice, actually.
Hey, maybe you could drive me around and help me out, and I could even pay you a little something for your time.
Sure, that sounds great.
And you know what? It'll be nice having a little extra cash to bet on college football.
Yeah, I'd like to bet a hundred bucks.
You want to pick a team? No, just take it.
I thought you had the day off.
Maybe from the store, but it's not like things take a day off from needing repairs, am I right? (CHUCKLES) Oh, looks like this cabinet door is a good place to start.
Yup, she's off-kilter.
I'm gonna have to plane her down.
Lois, what year was this house built? Uh, I don't know.
Maybe 1945? Good, it's grandfathered in.
Thought I'd need a variance.
Don't want to get a code vi.
(CHUCKLES) "Vi" is violation.
"Code" is just code.
I don't know, Brian, it looks straight to me.
- What? - It's straight.
I-I don't know what that means.
"It's-it's straight"? Oh, you mean plumb.
Y-You're saying the door is plumb.
Wow, Brian, you do know all the lingo.
Ah, come on, that's just stuff you pick up on the site.
I'm gonna go use a miter to jerry-rig a shim jamb strap hinge quarter-round soffit two-by-six dowel cherry-picker flim-flam.
You know, Rupert, Brian's douche-iness should infuriate me, but the truth is he seems happy.
So I guess I'll just do nothing and that's that.
(THEME SONG PLAYING) Can't do it.
Let's get him fired.
("WORKIN' FOR A LIVIN'" BY HUEY LEWIS AND THE NEWS PLAYING) Some days won't end ever and some days pass on by I'll be working here forever, at least until I die Damned if you do, damned if you don't I'm supposed to get a raise next week You know damn well I won't Workin' for a livin', workin' Workin' for a livin' Workin' Workin' for a livin', livin' and a-workin' I'm takin' what they givin' 'Cause I'm workin' for a livin' Workin' for a livin', livin' and a-workin' Whoo! Boy, I have a whole new respect for Hayden Panettiere.
- (PHONE RINGS) - Giggity.
PETER: I'm pulling up.
You ready? Oh, hey, Peter, listen, I can't work tonight.
I'm spent.
That last trick was like trying to use an empty bottle of hand soap.
But you got to work.
I set up five appointments.
That's a lot of money.
Sorry, I can't do it.
You're just gonna have to cancel them.
What the hell did you say to me?! Peter, what are you doing?! You trippin', boy?! You're going out if I tell you you're going out, bitch! Okay.
What what's in your pimp cup? Uh, it's actually a wheatgrass, ginger mixture.
I was in the middle of a cleanse.
I didn't know we'd be doing this pimp thing, but I made a promise to my body.
(SIGHS): Ah.
Not great.
Peter, what you doing all dressed up for church? This ain't Easter.
No, Cleveland, these are my work clothes.
- You hosting Family Feud? - No, I'm a pimp.
Um, Big Pete, if we're gonna be sitting, may I use my penis donut? Bitch, I don't care.
Dang, Quagmire, you're lucky.
He take care of you.
Yeah, no, no, it's great.
Um, I'm making a lot of money.
I'm actually really happy.
I'm actually very hungry.
Nobody's gonna want you if you're fat! You want to eat? Get up to that bar and earn your keep.
W-What should I ask for, $500? You're not worth that much.
You're trash! Ask for two.
You know I hit you and whore you out because I love you, right? Hi, there.
You want to party? And can I have some of your bread? Hi, handsome.
You can't have my bread, but you can have something of mine that smells like bread.
Okay, let's go.
Just so you know, it takes me a long time.
All right, Rupert, if we're going to teach Brian a lesson, we're going to need some muscle.
You, you and you, 20 bucks for the day.
Hop in the back.
No! Asiento trasero Trasero! Forget it, just get in.
Anyone who doesn't enjoy the music of Josh Groban can get out of the (BLEEP) car.
You raise me up Okay, if you had a friend who worked at Mega Hardware, how would you get him fired? You ask him for papers? Okay, good.
Uh, that, unfortunately, won't work in this instance.
But I like your effort, Luis.
Uh, any other ideas? You could kill a guy.
You know what, Carlos, you stay quiet for a while.
I really only need two of you.
You'll still be paid.
You ask for papers? Okay, is there any idea out there besides killing a guy or getting someone deported? We do good job, we live with you? Well, you just offered to kill a guy, so you're not exactly number one on my roommate list.
Now, let's go.
I paid good money for you, I need answers! I want your best, and I won't stand for even one more stupid idea! You shake up boss's soda and give to him.
When he open it, it explode! This is why I pushed you.
Huh.
I guess that Brian Griffin is a good egg after all.
(SHOUTS) Griffin, you're fired! (MELANCHOLY JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) HOOKER 1: I never liked prostitutes because they sell their bodies to all types of men.
HOOKER 2: I turned my first trick when I had my first one-night stand.
I had sex for dinner and drinks.
QUAGMIRE: Being a prostitute is no fun.
You have to work nights, weekends.
I hear on SNL the women are funnier than the guys now, but I don't know, I'll never see it.
NARRATOR: We meet Quagmire, a small-town boy with big-city dreams who has fallen deep into the game of prostitution at the Point.
You know, some people ask me, "Would you want your son to be a hooker?" My answer is always, "Hey, lady, are we talking, or am I beefing ya?" I kind of want to see Guardians of the Galaxy, but I also kind of feel like there might be scary parts.
Hey, honey, you shopping for groceries? You know what that means? "Shopping for groceries" is what I say instead of, "Do you want to pay me for sex?" so I can't get arrested.
Stewie, did you hire three Mexican guys to shake a soda can and give it to my boss? What?! One's Guatemalan.
Damn it, Stewie, you got me fired! Oh, who are you kidding? You got yourself fired.
Parading around there, pretending you know the first thing about tools.
You know what? You're going down there with me right now to tell them what you did.
Get your hands off me! I'll go floppy dead weight on you! (GROANS) Ah, crap! My stomach! I think my hernia ruptured! Oh, my God! Damn it, it's bad.
It's bad! I'll get Lois.
She can take you to the hospital.
No, she can't.
Thanks to you, I don't have insurance anymore.
What are we gonna do?! I'll get the gun! No, Stewie, you have to fix me.
What?! I'm not a doctor! Just look it up on your phone or something! Ugh, hold on.
I've got to update iOS.
Stewie! Okay, okay, got it.
It says I have to make an incision, retract the hernia sac, and then suture the abdominal lining.
How am I supposed to do that?! Grab my tool belt.
Use the self-sharpening linoleum blade.
(SCREAMS): Ah! And then hold the incision open with a vise grip, and use the slip-joint pliers to get the muscle back in position.
Okay, okay.
Now it's saying I have to suture it.
I've got some monofilament line you can use.
It's from aisle eight, above the chains and cables.
"Monofilament line," "slip-joint pliers.
" I've got to say, Brian, it seems like you really did learn something on that job.
You're right.
I guess I did.
But please, stitch me up.
Just be careful and take your time.
This is the delicate part, because Yeah, I'm gonna just use the staple gun.
Ah! Damn it! Ah! You know what? That was really easy.
That guy who killed Joan Rivers must be terrible at this.
Hey, there Oh.
What are you doing here? Quagmire? Uh, oh uh, uh I have a hobby that takes me this way.
Hey, I'm freezing.
You got a blanket in there or something? I got a towel, but it's wet because I'm eating peaches.
I lied about the hobby.
I was sinning.
I'm going to drive away backwards now.
Hey, baby, you want to party? Get in.
You guys having a good night? I like that it's getting dark earlier.
What are you guys gonna be for Halloween? Big Pete, help! She wants to do German things! German things! What? No! He hasn't eaten anything in days! It's not gonna work! Nein! Nein! (GRUNTING) Ah! She's got us both! Help us, pimps and hos! Help us, HBO camera crew! God, Quagmire, most of that was horrible.
I know.
Eventually, I might want to try it again.
Hey, listen, buddy.
I'm sorry about all this.
I guess I just got caught up in the money and-and assumed you were okay with it because of the sex.
I don't know, Peter.
I think you're just mad I didn't come to see your Pretenders cover band.
Yes, well, that may be.
Speaking of which, the Pretend Pretenders are playing again this weekend.
Uh, much like the real band, we have been described as "meh.
" Still, I'm really sorry.
Can you find it in yourself to forgive me, and maybe we can just go back to being friends? I'd like that.
Hopefully, the pilot strike will end soon and I can get my old job back.
Oh, the strike ended a month ago.
What?! Why didn't you tell me?! I did.
Are you still GlennQ10@aol.
com? No.
Ah, well.
There you go.

1 TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to Doctor Who Farted.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING) Doctor, the alien attack has begun! We've got to return to the 21st century! Uh we can't go into the time machine right now.
But they're going to kill us all! All right, all right, just one second.
So, how was your weekend? I-Is, is it your line? I don't Uh, no, I don't think so.
I'm-I'm sorry, whose line is it? Cut! (BELL RINGING) That was Peter's line.
Where's Peter? Sorry, I was in my trailer eating fancy nuts and smoking.
(SIGHS) All right, everybody, take five.
Okay, I'll be in my dressing room playing online poker.
That's me asking for help.
Hi, I'm James Woods.
You might know me from banging your niece on a pile of your brother's pool equipment.
Or from Salvador.
But tonight, I'm here to take you behind the scenes on the set of Family Guy.
For the first time ever, you'll see what a typical production week is like for TV's 11th favorite family.
So please join me as we go Inside Family Guy.
(INSTRUMENTAL FAMILY GUY THEME SONG PLAYS) It's certainly not easy being a family that also happens to star in a sitcom together.
Especially last year, when I discovered those naked pictures of that 18-year-old intern on Peter's phone.
But he explained that his phone number was the old number of-of her ex-boyfriend, so what was it again? Oh, the Cloud, that's right.
So the photos were on the Cloud, and that the-the Cloud pulled the pictures or? I mean, even if the pictures had not been sent directly to him, and that's why he has them.
And-and we both called the Apple store, and they said they can't disprove that it doesn't happen, so here we are, still married, still on the show.
A-And it's happened five times since then, and some of the pictures had both Peter and the girl in them.
Being on this show reminds me of one of my favorite quotes from Macbeth.
WOODS: What's the quote? (CHUCKLES) Whoa! I didn't realize this was a trial.
Objection, Your Honor.
Oh, yeah, it's great, you know, doing a show with your family.
'Cause what guy doesn't want to go to his office and have his family there? You know, and then you go home after work and catch up with the family.
- And then, uh, - next day, same thing.
Just trying to make it to the weekend, so you can, uh spend some time with the family.
Isn't that the dream? WOODS: Now, I-I understand the show was quite different when it started.
Yeah, in the original pilot, I was actually the star.
It was called, CHRIS GRIFFIN: Teen Doctor.
Sir, I'm afraid I've got some bad news.
Well, it can't be any worse than what's in here.
(STUDIO AUDIENCE LAUGHTER) I ad-libbed that line.
I wasn't even supposed to talk.
What they didn't know is that I'd been privately doing jokes about the newspaper for years.
But, you know, it's not just the Griffins who work hard to make Family Guy what it is.
Here in the props department, some sweaty guy is working on the Petercopter.
That's right.
You know, a lot of people don't realize SEAL Team Six actually completed their mission in this puppy.
Oh, cool, Family Guy! Over here! I'm down here! Knock-knock? Yeah? Hi, Stewie.
Hey, I was just showing the viewers around Family Guy, and we thought we'd drop in and talk to you about the show.
You want to talk about the show? I'll talk about the show.
The show sucks.
The only reason I stay here is to maintain my profile for my start-up business, DiscreetCrepe.
com.
Hi.
Are you a straight, adult male who likes to eat crepes without people making unwanted assumptions about your private life? Go to DiscreetCrepe.
com, place your order, and within 30 minutes (DOORBELL RINGS) Very masculine pizza delivery for Stewie Griffin? Oh, thank you.
Mmm, strawberry-banana Nutella with raspberry drizzle! Now I just need a guy's butt to eat this off of, and I got myself a night.
But of course, every episode of Family Guy starts with the writing.
And here we are the Family Guy writers' room where the writers are hard at work with the show's talented cast.
Look, don't get me wrong, guys, I-I think it's hilarious, and-and I totally get that the sex thing is what made me popular, but would it kill us to just once tell a joke that brings glory to God? Eight years ago, Glenn opened a restaurant where he was spying on ladies peeing in the bathroom.
As part of the class-action settlement, he entered rehab, and that's where he found Jesus.
The restaurant was called Sprinklers.
That should've been a tip-off.
He still runs Dumpy's, but I'm pretty sure that one's legit.
WOODS: As the star of the show, Peter likes to stay involved in the writing process.
All right, butthorns, which one of you idiots wrote this script? Uh, I did.
Oh, what'd you write it, like, on a computer? Yeah.
So you know a lot about computers? Yeah.
Can you show me how to turn off the flashlight on my phone? (BEEPS) Don't touch my phone! And another thing, I read this piece of garbage script.
It's only one page.
That's never gonna cut it.
Uh, that's just the cover.
You can turn the page, like this.
Well, why you hiding all these pages behind the first page?! What's wrong with them?! Stand by your work or get out! Now, spit in each other's mouths.
(WRITERS SPITTING) You know I'm only tough on you 'cause I hate you, right? Yeah, over the years, Peter's become just a total nightmare.
I mean, you know, he's not Jim Belushi.
He's not peeing in Snapple bottles on set, which is, like, a totally real thing.
But he-he's-he's pretty bad.
Dad refuses to interact with any actors on set.
He'll only rehearse with helium balloons with crudely drawn faces on them.
I'm sorry, Meg, but you're grounded.
MEG: But, Dad, the prom is tonight.
Over.
(STATIC CRACKLES) LOIS: You heard your father, Meg.
Over.
(STATIC CRACKLES) (KNOCKING) JOE: Peter, you ready to hit the Drunken Clam? Over.
(STATIC CRACKLES) It's difficult having to give up my chair for the balloon.
But that's the business we call "show.
" Excuse me, Joe.
The Fat Man's behavior has been deteriorating for quite some time.
And I think someone may have placed an anonymous phone call to the network about it.
STEWIE (FALSETTO): Word around the stage is they've decided to finally fire Peter and replace him with another actor.
And this time, it's permanent.
Not like when we killed off Brian for a few episodes, so he could shoot that crappy movie what was it? It was a remake of Old Yeller where the dog gets the drop on him and kills him first.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
(GRUNTING) They miscalculated the number of dogs who buy movie tickets.
It's actually pretty awkward.
I mean, Dad's the only one in the whole production who doesn't know he's being fired.
But he'll find out tomorrow at the table read.
This is how we did that.
Bet you didn't know.
(LOW, INDISTINCT CHATTER) The table read is where the Family Guy cast reads aloud that week's script to see how the story and the jokes are working.
And where Peter will learn he's being written off the show.
Okay, everybody, welcome to the table read for this week's episode, entitled, "Peter Dies (We're Really Serious, No Joke, He's Dead and Never Coming Back).
" Oh, and there's other pages.
You got to turn them.
Here, let me show you.
"Interior, Griffins' living room, day.
"Brian, Meg and Chris watch TV.
Lois enters, upset.
" You guys, I have terrible news! Your father is dead.
He was shot in the head while killing himself.
I suppose he had his demons.
And his enemies.
Wait, I'm I'm what? Oh-oh, I know.
Stewie's gonna fire up his time machine and undo this.
DIRECTOR: "Stewie enters.
" Brian, bad news.
My time machine got a virus that causes Dad to die again if it's ever used.
Oh, wait, you know what? I-I bet this is all Chris' dream.
Wow, I am wide awake! Okay, but there's no way this is real.
They'd have to bring in someone to replace me.
"Uncle Ricky, played by sitcom buzzard David Spade, enters.
" Hi, everybody.
ALL: Uncle Ricky! Hey guys, a time period called.
They want an object back.
(LAUGHTER) Aw, do we have to go to Dad's funeral? Let's just play with Uncle Ricky instead.
"The family cheers.
They do not miss Peter.
" I'm sorry, Peter, but the production just can't deal with all your nonsense anymore.
We're letting you go.
Oh, please, don't do this! I'm begging you, just give me one more chance! (SIGHS) Okay, fine.
(BLEEP) All right, that's it, you're fired! And you guys are all okay with this?! I'm sorry, sweetheart.
This is painful for all of us, but we just don't see another option.
Yeah, Peter, we love you, and-and you're still part of the family, just not part of the show.
Look, I don't know who brought this on, but maybe it's for the best.
All right, fine, you bastards can fire me, but at least I'm leaving with my dignity.
Have a good life, Mr.
G.
Your penis is out.
Welcome back to Inside Family Guy.
I'm your host and angel investor to the Fappening, James Woods.
Boy, we picked quite a week to document the production of a Family Guy episode.
Yesterday, Peter Griffin was fired from the show and replaced by David Spade.
Given this surprising development, we decided to follow Peter, and see if our cameras could capture his story, as well.
We caught up with Peter at Hollywood's legendary Chateau Marmont Hotel, where I once engaged in the consensual murder of an underaged prostitute.
WOODS: So, what's your plan? Are you going to be staying here for awhile? Yeah, well, I figured if my family doesn't want me on the show, there's no reason I should keep living with them.
I-I mean, there's no hard feelings, um, I just feel like this is best for me, and this is best for those cancerous dicks.
And what's next for Peter Griffin? Well, starting tomorrow, I'm getting back out there.
I already got an audition to be the caring dad for a Cheerios commercial.
Hey, Dad? Yeah, bud? When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up? Well, I wanted to be a rock star.
Why didn't you become one? 'Cause of you, bud.
I smiled at one girl in a cell phone store, and now here I am, stuck eating cereal for dinner with a kid.
You'll always be a rock star to me, Dad.
You ruined my life.
I'm going to bed.
(FUNKY BASS MUSIC PLAYS) Wednesdays are rehearsal days here at Family Guy and the first rehearsal with David Spade appears to be going very well.
"Uncle Ricky, what are all these strippers doing in our house?" "Uh each other?" Hmm? (LAUGHS) Oh, my God! (LAUGHING): I'm sorry, I just (LAUGHS) Did you see the way he smirked? He's like a naughty 53-year-old boy.
Who is this guy? I'm not familiar with him.
That's David Spade from Just Shoot Me! I don't know that one.
He was in Grown Ups, Joe Dirt, Saturday Night Live.
Saturday what how? And he was also in some movie called Senseless.
With Marlon Wayans? Oh, yeah, he played Scott Thorpe.
Donna, I'm here with Scott Thorpe.
That's right, from Senseless.
Yeah, I got to be honest, I'm having a blast.
You know, now that I'm not tied down by the show, it's given me more time to pursue my true passion: weaving sexually explicit tapestries featuring the Minions.
Did you have any questions about the artist? Thursdays at Family Guy are reserved for shooting all those flashbacks and cutaway gags we love so much, and what most people don't know is that all these gags are directed by James Cameron.
What's that? I'm sorry.
(CHUCKLES) Apparently, I misread the cue card.
They're directed by James, the cameraman.
Tell us, how'd you get the gig? I sell Vicodin to some of the producers.
What a wonderful Hollywood story.
You know, many viewers think our cutaways are just whipped together, but they actually go through a rigorous testing process before filming.
This is the planet Jew-piter, and he could say, "Next year is my star mitzvah.
" (LAUGHS) They love it.
Tell the director.
Where is he? It says don't take it with alcohol, but you should take it with alcohol.
Yeah, duh.
I also need a couple for the girl I'm babysitting.
Meanwhile, David Spade is making lots of friends on set.
Yeah, I'll definitely talk to the writers.
I agree, there's a lot about your character that's still untapped.
Okay, thank you, because, like, yes, I'm greased-up and, yes, I'm deaf, but what else am I? Totally.
Thanks, man.
DIRECTOR: Okay, we're ready for you.
(HIGH-PITCHED VOICE): I'll be right there.
Who's the new kid? Hot-chee-wawa! Unfortunately, things aren't going quite so well for Peter.
(PHONE RINGS) Yeah, it's an '09, fully loaded, extra cool A/C.
Great.
I just made $500 flipping a Honda.
All I did was Armor-All the dash.
Boom.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Hey, any mail for me? Yes, your death threats to Grimace have all been returned.
Well, has the Shamrock Shake period been extended? I believe that's still seasonal, but while I have you, your bill remains unpaid, and we saw you selling our robes on eBay.
I'm afraid we're evicting you from the hotel.
What's your home address? I'm sorry, sir.
Now do you want to leave the regular way, or do you want our Uncle Phil to throw you out? I think you know what I want.
(SHOUTS) (STUDIO AUDIENCE LAUGHTER) (DISTANT SIREN WAILING) (HINGES CREAKING) Door was unlocked.
I'm sure that's fine.
Well, this seems like a really cheery place, and looks like some guy named Brooks was here, and I think this is gonna work out just great.
WOODS: You don't miss your show or your family at all? Of course I miss my family but everything comes to an end eventually, a-and you just you just got to keep moving forward.
Are you gonna be all right? Oh, yeah, yeah.
I-in fact, I was just about to melt some cheese on chips if you want to stay for a sad, single guy dinner.
You going oven or microwave? Uh, microwave.
I don't know how to turn on the oven.
Those, uh, chips are gonna be chewy, Peter.
Friday night is tape night here at Family Guy, but tonight they'll be filming the show without Peter Griffin.
I have to admit, it's a little strange taping a show without Peter.
It-it just doesn't feel right.
I'm especially going to miss the Fat Man's bit with the audience where he fires the T-shirt cannon at his own head.
You know he once tried to hold up a store with that thing? (BELL JINGLES) All right, everybody on the floor.
Empty the register.
Please, don't do this! Oh, yeah? You want to be a hero? Here's what happens to heroes.
Anybody else want to be a hero? Ooh, me, me, me! Over here! Over here! And with regard to Peter's replacement, well, as his parents and previous co-stars have learned, a little of David Spade goes a long way.
David, the line is, "What's for dinner?" Go again.
What's for dinner? Hmm? (SIGHS) Okay, we can trim that in editing.
He's getting on people's nerves.
I mean, there's only so many jars I can open for one man.
DAVID: Lois, I want pickles! Coming! He has tiny hands but when one of my rings went down the drain, he got it right out.
WOODS: Meanwhile, Peter has wound up here at the Chinese Theatre, where panhandlers dress up like iconic movie characters and charge tourists for photos.
It's even seedier than it sounds.
Step right up, get your picture taken with beloved comic icon, Little Lotta.
Just two dollars.
Who are you? Uh, Little Lotta? She was friends with Audrey and Dot.
Never heard of her.
(GROANS) (EXCITED CHATTERING, CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING) That's it.
Screw this.
I am taking back my TV show and my family.
Ah, we just missed her.
Hey, Smitty, I'm here to get my show back.
I'm sorry, Mr.
Griffin, but we have specific orders not to let you onto the lot.
Seriously? Well, I suppose, you could come inside if you had an idea for a show the heads of the network wanted to buy.
Bumblr with a Tumblr.
So, you see, he's got a Tumblr account and he's clumsy.
We really like the idea that the words rhyme.
Absolutely, but just a thought: what if he doesn't bumble? Um I-I guess so.
And are we married to the Tumblr account? They bought the pitch, but, um, after a series of network notes, Bumblr with a Tumblr eventually aired as Bamblr with a Famblr, which made sense to nobody and is now in its third season.
It did also get me on the lot.
All right, stop the show! Dad! That's right, I'm back! And, Chris, I brought you a T-shirt of Kermit the Frog acting like a hip-hop guy.
That's so dope.
Don't put it on.
It'll fall apart, but listen, everybody, I realized something.
I've been a real jerk to you guys, and to all the union fat asses that I assume do something to keep this thing going.
The fact is, I got too big for my britches, but I know now that I'm nothing without all of you.
Aw, that's nice of you to say.
Thank you, Stewie, who I can understand, and if you guys can find it in your hearts to take me back, well, then I promise that every day I'll prove to you how much the show, and how much my family, means to me.
Oh, Peter.
Of course we'll take you back.
Oh, welcome back, buddy.
We missed you so much.
My online poker problem is burning like a wildfire.
Well, there's only one problem.
What's that? What are we gonna do about David Spade? Don't worry, I already took care of that.
I got Sofía Vergara deported.
Hey, everyone, cuchi, cuchi.
I'm your mother now.
So, all right, let's do a show.
Oh, wait, if my character's still alive, that means we don't have a script to shoot.
Oh, look at this.
We just happen to have a whole extra script right here.
"Pete, Don't Fail Me Now.
" (GASPS) Sounds like I might be a teacher.
Oh, I have a goatee up till the first commercial, and then I'm a teacher.
Every week, Peter becomes a diva so the writers write a fake script, killing him off.
He storms out, then by Friday's taping, comes crawling back, and we shoot the real script.
Of course, he always forgets by Monday, and then he becomes a pain in the ass again.
Does it bother me that he does this every week? Uh, why don't you ask my Camaro? WOODS: So, I guess this actually was a very typical week on the set of Family Guy.
Thanks for joining us.
I'm James Woods, and we'll close tonight with a supercut of every time in the show's history that Peter got hit in the crotch with a bag of nickels.
Ow! (GRUNTS) (GROANS) Damn it.
Oh! (ALL LAUGHING) Why?! Hey, Lois, you should do that thing that I like (SHOUTS) Hey, kids, have you seen my wallet? Oh, nickels! Son of a bitch! PETER: Uh, ladies and gentlemen, we have now reached our cruising Ah, damn it! Boy, can't beat this weather (SHOUTS) Who is that kid? (GRUNTS) Hello? Uh, hang on, I'll check.
Phone call for "a bag of nickels"? (SHOUTS) (GROANS) At least he was alone.
They usually travel in threes.
Ow! Crap.
B-B-B-Bird, bird, bird, b-b-b-bird Ah, nickels! (SHOUTS) (GROANS) Oh, damn it! Do you think I'm ever gonna be able to have (GRUNTS) (LAUGHS) Ow! 

Peter, I need you to take Chris and Meg to school.
Today's the day I finally kill that squirrel that's been eating our tomatoes.
Try to get, like, eight of them this time.
I want to make bruschetta.
Oh, can't the kids just walk? You know I like to watch two full movies before I go to work.
No, Peter, they can't walk, it's three miles.
(SIGHS) Fine, I'll take them.
But you better keep those goggles 'cause I'm gonna put them to good use tonight.
(POWER SAW BUZZING LOUDLY) Once the floor is full of sawdust, we can eat peanuts in here.
Dad, are you sure it's okay that we took Brian's car? Yeah, it's his own fault.
He's the one who keeps his key in the visor like a carefree hillbilly.
Okay, everybody out.
I don't want the cool kids to know I'm your dad.
Hey, Chris.
Guess who I just scored as my date to the homecoming dance.
- Vice Principal McGuire.
- Really? Yeah, her husband just died of ALS, so she is ready to get at it.
Hey there, strong guy.
Not now, Brenda! She says I have the body of a 50-year-old before it gets ALS.
So who are you gonna go with? I was thinking of asking Kara Morris.
Why don't you ask her now? Her locker's right over there.
Um y uh, yeah, okay.
Hi, Kara.
I was wondering, um, if you'd like to go to the homecoming dance with me? Oh, hi, robot from Big Hero 6.
No, but thank you.
His name is Baymax, you gorgeous moron! All right, red light.
Time to text and shave and whittle and floss.
(RAZOR BUZZING) - Thanks for getting here so quickly.
- What? I'm sorry.
You're in a Prius.
I just assumed you were my Uber.
I don't know what that is on account of being dull.
Uber it's like a cab except it feels like a game 'cause it's from your phone.
Anyway, I'm late for a meeting.
Can I just give you 20 bucks to drop me off? Wow, 20 bucks just to drive you across town? Maybe I should be an Uber driver.
I mean, I could use the extra money.
And it's got to be easier than when I was delivering pizzas.
All right, push.
Push.
Come on, come on, almost there.
Almost there, just one more push.
Here it is! Oh, it's half Hawaiian.
I believe that's ours.
You poor fool.
(GRUNTING) Hey, Stewie.
What's up, big guy? None of the girls at school want to go to homecoming with me.
Probably 'cause everyone calls me names like "Big Nips" and "Fat Nips" and "Big Fat Nips.
" Oh, don't listen to them, Big Fat Nips.
They're just being haters.
What's a "hater"? Oh, it's just something people say instead of working to change their own flaws.
Anyway, you just got to do what Taylor Swift does and shake it off.
Who's Taylor Swift? Oh, my God! Am I about to introduce you to Taylor Swift? W-What is she, a singer? She's much more than a singer, Chris.
She's she's she's the queen! A goddess! A gazelle in a high-waisted swimsuit! Uh, sorry, if you're neither insane, nor clowns, nor a posse, I'm not interested.
I have an idea.
You should ask Taylor Swift to the homecoming dance! What? Why would she go to a dance with me? I'm telling you, this is exactly the kind of thing she would do.
She's such a sweetheart.
Oh, I'm going limp.
(MOANS) I'm just gonna lie here moaning, thinking about Taylor Swift.
(MOANING) Tay-Tay.
How would I even ask her? Oh, it's easy.
You and I will just make a video about how sad you are and put it online.
She's very interactive with all her fans.
I guess it's worth a shot.
Of course it is.
If she says yes, you'll surprise everyone, just like you did on New Year's Eve.
ALL: Three, two, one! Some animals give me boners! (BALLOON POPS, "AULD LANG SYNE" PLAYING) Hi.
Uh, I'd like to be an Uber driver.
Okay, sure.
Welcome aboard.
Don't I don't I need to fill out a form or? Oh, right, yeah, of course.
"Name.
" Peter Griffin.
"Criminal history.
" This section is optional.
I will skip this.
And done.
Here you go.
Yeah, none of this really matters.
All I need to know is: do you have a car, a phone and a face? It's my dog's car.
Oh, and I know you didn't ask, - but I am quick to anger.
- Okay, great.
Now get out there and try to kiss as many ladies as you can.
The record is 60 in a month.
You, sir, are officially an Uber driver.
(BLUETOOTH RINGS, BEEPS) (SHOUTING GIBBERISH) This is some good stuff, Chris.
I think it's ready to post.
Actually, Stewie, I changed my mind.
I made my own video and posted it.
What? How could you do that? Stewie, I didn't want to do all that fancy stuff, so I just did a video of me speaking from the heart.
You know, telling her how much it would mean if a girl like her went to homecoming with a guy like me.
I couldn't even stay awake during that description.
(PHONE VIBRATES) Hey, she already posted a response.
What?! Hey, Chris Griffin.
I just saw your video, and I'd love to go to your dance with you.
All right, I got to go eat an ice cream cone.
'Cause us stars are just like you.
Oh, my God! (BOTH CHATTER EXCITEDLY) Uh-oh.
This means I have an awkward phone call to make.
What? No, no, it was stupid.
What, two guys going to homecoming? I-I assumed it was a goof this whole time.
Take it out.
I'm ugly and unlovable.
Good evening.
I'm Tom Tucker.
Our top story tonight, pop star Taylor Swift is coming to Quahog to attend a dance with local high-schooler Chris Griffin.
But first we go to commercial while our sports reporter smiles and spins a football for some reason.
(SPORTS THEME PLAYS) Wow, Chris, I'm so excited! You actually have a date with Taylor Swift! Thanks, Mom.
Did I do good? Can I wear Grandpa's jacket now? I-I don't know why you always ask for that.
Th-That's not a thing in our family.
Oh, Rupert, I can't believe Taylor Swift is actually going to be in our house.
I haven't been this excited since I abused those caffeine pills to get ready for the big show.
Everything will be fine, as long as I take one of these.
Pills? You actually are taking drugs? Stewie, give me those.
I can't, Zach! I need them to sing! (GRUNTING) I'm so excited, I'm so excited (CRYING): I'm so scared! (SOBBING) Screech is going to stab someone on Christmas.
Oh, Chris, you look so handsome in your tux.
This must be how Meat Loaf looked when he went to the prom.
- (DOORBELL RINGS) - Oh, that must be her! (EXCITED YELL) Hi.
You must be Chris.
I'm Taylor.
(SHOUTS): What's up?! (CHUCKLES) It's so nice to finally meet you.
Your video was so sweet.
And I can't wait to go to the dance tonight.
Me, too.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Would you like to come in? Hi.
Peter Griffin, leering dad.
Quick question: in "Shake It Off," you invite us to get down to, quote, "this sick beat.
" Yet the beat you then provide is rather mild.
My question is this: may I lick your legs? Hi, Taylor.
Stewie Griffin.
I'm your biggest fan.
I don't mean that like a psycho, I just I-I'm not, I'm not a psycho! Oh, you're a cutie.
Okay, so let's talk about Harry Styles.
Now, you don't have to say anything.
I'm just gonna slowly pull out this tape measure, and you indicate when I should stop.
Okay, here I go.
Still going.
Still going.
Oh, my God, you bitch! Seriously? Taylor, this is my sister Meg and our dog Brian.
Nice to meet you both.
We're not all so impressed.
I've met Dan Aykroyd.
I'm sorry, uh, which cast member of Hee Haw are you? Will you be nice! Okay, well, we should probably go.
It was so nice to meet you all, except for the girl and the dog.
Sorry about my family.
Don't apologize.
They seem nice.
Well, you wouldn't say that if you ever saw us at the movies.
All right, we got our popcorn from home, our soda from home, our snacks from home and Braveheart.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING OVER LAPTOP) - Where you headed? - The airport.
Great.
Just a couple of errands and we'll get you there.
(NO AUDIO) (DOOR BELL JINGLES) That was one bitch of a class.
Anyways, what time's your flight? It's in 20 minutes! Oh, boy, I can't make it in 20 minutes.
I better call you a Lyft.
- Come on, hurry up, get in! - (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) I hope you like The Offspring.
Let's go! (GENTLE POP MUSIC PLAYING) Oh, my God! Taylor Swift! She's here with him? You guys, Mr.
Buell's taking a door-open dook in the bathroom! I hope this isn't too boring for you.
No, this is so cool! I always sing about high school, but I've never actually seen one in person.
(UPBEAT SONG BEGINS) Would you like to dance? Sure.
But you're gonna have to stand back, like, five and a half feet.
Cool! You dance like an unattended fire hose.
Wow! It's like your dance tells a whole story.
Right? You are the only one who's ever gotten that.
Usually people just shove a wallet in my mouth and call 911.
You know, Chris, I'm having a great time.
You're so cool and down-to-earth.
I like you, too, Taylor.
I was scared meeting a celebrity, but you're so nice and normal.
I feel totally comfortable around you.
Well, why don't you just kiss her, Griffin? Sorry, I just smoked a joint with the pickup truck kids.
(FROGS CROAKING, CRICKETS CHIRPING) That was really fun, Chris.
I hope you don't mind I made the band pay me a royalty for each of my songs they played.
Of course not.
And I hope you didn't mind I showed you who every locker belongs to.
No, I thought that was nice.
I've never had a locker.
I just keep my stuff in stupid mansions.
Can I finger you? Sure! Hi.
I'm Taylor Swift.
I'm famous, but I'm really nice.
Aw, that's one of the best fingerings I've ever had.
What are you working on there, Chris? Oh, I'm making a collage for Taylor of some of her favorite things.
Here's flowers and crop tops and pictures of Kanye West with his mouth shut.
Wow, you two seem to have a wonderful connection.
We do, Mom.
You know, she's the first girl to ever really understand me.
Uh, you guys? You might want to see this video Bonnie posted on Facebook.
Why are you on Bonnie's Facebook page? 'Cause she's a (BLEEP) smoke-show.
'Cause I know you're Just blubber in a dress shirt He licked his armpit Then ate all my dinner and dessert Chris Griffin is a pig in every way Oh, oh Blubber, blubber, blubber, oh Blubber, blubber, oh.
Oh, and some animals give him boners.
(BALLOON POPS, "AULD LANGNG SYNE" PLAYING) What the hell? Why would she do this? Wait, wait, wait.
What's that next video? (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) Oh, Daughtry! I'm a mom, so I love this.
Chris, what happened? I-I thought you said Taylor had a good time the other night.
We did! She even let me grab the part of her body which on others would be a butt.
Wow, look at these comments.
Everyone hates you, Chris.
She's right.
Check it out.
You're already a meme.
Aw, man, Chris, this computer is telling me that you done Swifted up.
Why would she do something like this? Because this is what Taylor Swift does.
She gets into relationship with guys, sabotages them, and then writes angry songs about it.
I just wish I could talk to her.
Well, why can't we? She has a house in Rhode Island.
We could go today.
(GASPS) Oh, my God, we can go today! My schedule is wide-ass open! Well, we can't just show up there.
Why not? We've done crazier things before.
Remember when we sent that tweet? All right, you ready? Freeze! We're the Internet police! You guys are going away for a long time.
Hey, what are you in for? I said Caitlyn Jenner wasn't brave and beautiful.
Brian, there's some bad people in here.
Hey, what's up? I'm just going to Quahog Stadium.
Okay, would you like the AC on or the windows down? How about both? (GASPS) Pretty great, right? It is! It really is! Thank you, genius person! No problem.
Hey, you ever go in a hot tub when it's snowing outside? Oh What?! Ms.
Swift, your songwriting team is here.
We got a socko tune for you, Taylor.
Hit it, Morty! (PLAYING OLD-FASHIONED PIANO MUSIC) Lox and bagels and bagels and lox I like being a girl.
Okay, one thought.
What if we change "lox" to "boys" and "bagels" to "problems"? Oh, that's perfect.
Like when you changed "pickle it good" to "shake it off.
" All right, we got our homework.
Hi, Taylor.
Chris? What are you guys doing here? I wanted to talk to you.
Your house is way nicer than Anne Murray's.
We broke in there, too.
Taylor, why'd you write that song about me? I thought we had a real connection.
We do.
I really like you, Chris.
I just I'm sorry.
I always do this.
I ruin relationships with nice guys and John Mayer just so I can write songs about heartbreak and moving on.
But don't you think that's unhealthy? You're never gonna find a real relationship if you keep doing this.
Listen, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings, Chris.
Let me make it up to you.
Why don't you guys all come to my show tonight as my guests? Are you serious?! Backstage with Taylor Swift? Well, that'll be even cooler than when I was in that remake of The Princess Bride with Bill Cosby.
Now, one of these has the iocane powder, you see, and one of them makes you go sleepy-bye with your mouth open.
Hey, pal, where we heading again? Just go down this dark alley.
What the hell's going on? This is what we do to Uber drivers in this town.
(GRUNTS) (GRUNTING) Stop! Stop! Please stop! The sound of your leather jackets is excruciating! You can't just buy a phone and become a cab driver! Please, I have two families! (GRUNTING) (CABBIES HISS) Stay back! Where-where did you get that? Judd Hirsch himself.
I was a boy, no more than 11 or 12.
Was on the side of the road.
Man with a hat pulled up next to me.
Said I reminded him of him when he was my age.
I was just a boy husking corn.
Didn't know what it meant.
Of course, we were all husking corn back then just to keep the lights on.
And you burned my car while I was telling my fake Judd Hirsch story.
(UPBEAT POP MUSIC PLAYING) (CROWD CHEERING) God, I hate everybody who's not backstage.
This next song is a new one.
It's about my boyfriend Chris.
I'm pretty and I'm rich and I'm in love Me Taylor I've met the guy that I've been dreaming of Me Taylor (CROWD BOOING) Wow, they hate it.
This stinks! We like you when you're miserable! You guys, Mr.
Buell's taking a door-open dook in the bathroom! Why were they being so mean to you? Well, I guess they're just used to me being sad and hurt by men.
But I don't care if they like it, Chris.
I'm happy with you.
I'm happy with you, too.
But it doesn't seem like your fans like this new happy Taylor.
Are you willing to risk losing them and jeopardize your career and your art just for us? I think I am.
(CROWD BOOING, CLAMORING) Oh, well, I don't know if am.
What? What are you saying? (INHALES DEEPLY) I'm saying that Taylor Swift, you are a spoiled ostrich-legged, no talent, big-footed freak.
You pretend to relate to your fans, but you make your bodyguards carry your purse.
All your songs sound the same.
And your cats aren't that cute.
Thank you, Chris.
This next song is about my dumb ex-boyfriend, who either mistreated me, cheated on me or went to massage parlors when I was out of town.
(CROWD CHEERING) Wow, Chris, that was really nice of you.
Yeah, I guess.
Don't worry, there'll be plenty of girls for you.
No one will ever be close to as good as her, but we'll find you someone.
What about, like, a motorcycle lady? You know, like an old gal? Her grandchildren call her by her first name? Let's get out of here.
I called us an Uber.
(SLURRING): How many tooths is not enough tooths? Well, kids, your father may have gotten beat up, but Uber's still a great job for anyone afraid to sell their blood.
And, Chris, I'm sorry it didn't work out with you and Taylor Swift.
I think we're all sorry about that, Brian, but I'm afraid we are out of time.
I would like to thank our guests Taylor Swift, Chris Griffin, Stewie and Brian, Cleveland Brown and his band of Brown Renown.
Hey, we'll see you down in Brown Town, huh, Cleveland? Oh, I ain't even gonna go there, Peter.
(PLAYS SLIDE NOTE) We apologize to the greased-up deaf guy.
Didn't have time for him tonight, but let's see if we can get him back next week when Amanda Peet will be here with stand-up Dom Irrera.
Good night, everybody.
(BAND PLAYING JAZZ VERSION OF "FAMILY GUY" THEME) (FANFARE PLAYS) 

ANNOUNCER: We now return to Rational Geographic.
BRITISH NARRATOR: Upon realizing a trip to Africa would be smelly and gross, our crew decided to stay in the office.
Aah! Mom, Dad! A bat, a bat! Oh, my God, there's a bat in the house.
Okay, all-all right, everybody just calm down, it might just be Grandpa Munster.
Somebody set him up for a funny joke.
Hey, Grandpa, how did you sleep last night? Yeah, see, if it was him, he would have said, "Like I do every night: upside down.
" Okay.
But Peter, we can't have a bat flying around the house.
We got to do something.
Don't worry, Lois.
I'll get rid of it.
It'll be a piece of cake.
Just like my penis enhancement.
I want it to hang down to my knees.
They moved up my knees.
Everybody, I've come up with the perfect plan to catch the bat.
I bought this remote- controlled toy helicopter, to which I have attached this handgun.
And I tell you, this thing is not easy to fly.
- Peter, that doesn't seem very - Here goes.
Now, I don't have anything to control the trigger with, so I put it on a timer.
But I don't remember how long I set it Aah! We're all gonna die! Okay, so, now the bat has a gun, and the knives I gave him.
What? Why would you give him knives? I didn't think it would matter.
I was counting on this helicopter thing working.
Peter? Wh-where are you? What's going on? PETER: In order to understand the bat, we must first understand the vampire.
So I watched Interview With the Vampire.
Cast your gaze upon Lestat.
Peter, you're not a vampire.
Oh? Then why am I clad in velvet pants tucked into soft leather boots? And why does my shirt billow so in the wind of that rotating fan? Peter, what's really going on? I'm just tryin' to reinvent my look.
A guy at work said I dress like crap.
Well, you show 'em tomorrow, Peter.
How'd it go? I was sent home early and labeled a distraction.
They're having a meeting about me tomorrow.
(ALARM BUZZES) Wha Wh-What's wrong? Ar-Are we taking a terrible 7:00 a.
m.
flight? No no.
I realized to catch a bat, I need to live like a bat.
So I got to be up at night.
It's a nocturnal mission, Lois.
Okay, but what are you gonna do? Well, as everyone knows, bats watch a ton of Cinemax softcore porn, so that seems like the place to start.
(WOMAN MOANING) - A-ha! - (SQUEAKS) MAN: Welcome back to CNBC's Moneyline.
Oh come on, man, nobody's buyin' that.
You expect me to believe you own stocks? Bat Industries was up two dollars a share today in heavy trading.
- Huh.
- (SQUEAKING) Get back here! Damn it! Aah! (SQUEAKING CONTINUING) I got you now, Bat Damon.
I named you Bat Damon.
Aw, now I want you to live.
Aah! Aah! What is it? - Aah! - Ow! You can beat me, but I am who I am! Peter, what the hell did you do to Stewie's hand? It could be broken.
I didn't mean to.
It's just, sometimes I don't think before I act.
Oh, hey, high-five.
Hey, did you just high-five that sign? Yeah.
You think differently.
Get in.
PETER: His name was Derek.
But he went by the Prophet when times were good, or the Law Giver when times were bad.
I moved onto his prayer farm with 45 other members of the Salvation Star Boys, who died in a mass suicide.
But not me.
'Cause I don't like root beer.
And I only drink what I like.
After it was all over, I called Lois to pick me up.
She was mad.
But she's what Derek calls an Oppressing Doubter.
May the light of Derek's Invincible Diamond shine through you.
Oh, thank you so much for coming in early, Dr.
Hartman.
Oh, no problem.
- Hell, I used to work here.
- What? Good news.
Stewie's hand looks fine.
Oh, hey, high-five.
Huh.
As long as you're here, I see Stewie hasn't had his vaccinations yet.
Should we take care of that? Well, I suppose so.
Oh, but first, I'm required to have you read this pamphlet about the risks of vaccinations.
God, you are aging so rapidly.
"Possible side effects: fever, severe allergic reaction, muscle and joint pain?" Wait, and this can't be right: they actually put some of the disease in the shot? Hey, man, how many questions your lady ask? Uh, like, a million? But I don't remember having to read any of this when Chris and Meg had their vaccinations.
Well, that was before Internet chat rooms made everybody an expert.
It's a better world now.
I-I don't know about this, Dr.
Hartman.
We might need a little bit of time to think this over.
Yeah, 'cause we don't want to make a big mistake.
Like when I peed next to the chatty guy.
(ALARM RINGS) Hey, man, we should get out of here, the building's on fire.
Hey, pal, not now, I'm busy.
Anyway, I'll tell you what's on fire, my urethra.
That's the last time I go to a water park, I'll tell you that much.
Well, that's not completely true, 'cause I have a Groupon, and I'd hate to waste it.
Plus, the truth is, the kids Oh, my God I was the chatty guy.
Hey, you guys, is that my laptop? Yeah, sorry, we were looking something up.
We were going to get Stewie vaccinated, but now, after our research, we're definitely not.
Ah, no, Lois, don't tell me you fell for all that anti-vaxxer crap.
It's not crap, Brian.
There's a lot of evidence to suggest there's a link between vaccinations and autism.
Lois, all that so-called evidence has been debunked.
Listen to some of these ingredients: "mercury, thimerosal, aluminum, formaldehyde.
" Lois, deciding not to vaccinate Stewie is something that affects all of us.
The only reason they work is that if a critical mass of society gets immunized, then the diseases won't spread.
Look, Brian, I was skeptical, too, but then I did some research and I found some very interesting things from the leader of the anti-vaccination movement, Jenny McCarthy.
See? Proof.
Hard to argue with that.
And look at this one.
Glasses.
Case closed.
I can't believe you guys.
Don't you realize you're contributing to a potential public health disaster by not vaccinating your child? That's exactly the point My child.
He's my child, and nothing matters more than his well-being.
Oh, God, this is going to be a Lois story, isn't it? Game of Thrones is on, just a reminder.
Yeah, we made this mistake before.
We got the other kids vaccinated, but Meg still got chicken pox.
Dad, this is acne.
Girl, you nasty.
You realize the vast majority of people think you're wrong.
Well, maybe that's the problem.
We just got to change their minds.
We're gettin' this town to change its mind about vaccinations.
Yeah.
I'm with you.
Just as soon as I finish gettin' the word out about the one thing more important.
The brothers who made The Matrix are ladies now! They're ladies! Just one of 'em? That's the thing It's both of 'em! What are the chances? What are the chances?! The brothers who made The Matrix are ladies now! All right, come on, Peter, I've got all the stuff for our anti-vaccination rally.
I don't believe this.
It's bad enough you guys aren't vaccinating Stewie.
Now you're trying to convince other people to make the same reckless choice? I'm also gonna pet a bunch of dogs without asking.
Don't do that.
We don't like that.
Then I'm gonna try and look at their teeth.
Brian, all we want is for parents to have the choice.
Because parents know what's best for their kids.
I hear Sansa finally shows boob in this one.
You do realize they're putting your life in danger by not getting you immunized.
You could get measles, mumps, rubella, whooping cough Oh, my God, are you serious? Very serious.
Even the tiniest germ could make you very ill and, left untreated, kill you.
Really? I'd expect this kind of thing from the fat man, but not Lois.
Although she did act like a nutcase that time she went shopping right before Thanksgiving.
Ready for Turkey Day? (CHUCKLES) Clever.
Don't eat too much turkey tomorrow.
(CHUCKLES) Oh, I won't.
Now, if only the meal would cook itself, huh? (CACKLES LOUDLY) (OVER P.
A.
): Parents of Quahog and weekend dads playing three minutes of catch, do you know that the number of childhood vaccines has tripled in the last generation? And why is that? Because heartless corporations make billions of dollars by foisting garbage and poison upon our children.
We demand that these vaccines be tested by independent researchers, not by the companies who make them.
Excuse me, are you the lady selling the bullhorn? What? No.
I'm over here.
(SIGHS) Damn it.
This doesn't seem to be working.
Well, obviously, Lois.
You can't just go to a park and list a bunch of boring facts.
You got to spice things up.
Like I did when I was a lounge singer with uneven lyric density.
This is a song I wrote for my beautiful girlfriend.
Her name is Kim I don't understand why your father Has such problems with us Kim Mostly I think it's because I don't make my car payments on time But also because I was dating someone else At the same time as Kim Two, three, four, (RAPIDLY): five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven.
Kim I love you But mostly I love that you let me eat crackers in the bed Kim! Thank you! (PLAYS FINAL NOTE) (RHYTHMIC TAPPING) (RHYTHMIC CLINKING) (RHYTHMIC ICE RATTLING) (CLAPS) Eh, that's enough of that.
What the hell? Peter, is that you on TV right now? Oh yeah, that's my anti-vaccination PSA.
Hi, I'm a medical guy, and I'm here to give you the facts about vaccs.
Fact Vaccinations cause autism, paralysis, and even death, death, death, death, death, death, death, death, death, death.
Fact: "vaccinate" rhymes with "masturbate.
" Would you let a doctor do that to your kid? Fact: I still think Michelle Williams is Carey Mulligan.
Fact! Medical delivery for badass karate doctor.
Ah yes, those must be the bones and skulls.
(BONES CLATTERING) I see no boob bones, the victim was a man.
Wow.
SINGER: Oh, yeah! ANNOUNCER: Say "no" to vaccines.
Paid for with Meg's college fund.
What the hell is all this? I'm trying to protect myself from all those diseases I'm not vaccinated against.
Speaking of which, do you have any idea the germs you routinely track into this house? From now on I'm going to ask that you wear these shoes while indoors.
Where'd you get those? Put 'em on and lick your lips! Stewie, you might be taking this too far.
Proper hygiene depends on everyone, Brian.
For instance, I've already saran-wrapped Chris.
(MUFFLED): I'm a gas station sandwich! (DRAMATIC MUSIC ON TV) We interrupt this program with breaking news.
Childhood vaccination rates in Quahog have dropped to an all-time low, fueled by a recent media campaign led by local meddler, Peter Griffin, shown here in the basket of Henry Thomas' bicycle.
That can't be real, right? Oh, I knew one of these had to be my house.
Damn it, Peter, thanks to you, nobody in this town is vaccinating their kids anymore! Do you even realize the harm you've caused? Harm? What are you talking about? I'm making the world a better place.
Like when I was the Instagram police.
(SIREN WAILS, THEN STOPS) Sorry, lady, got to crop the chotch.
I will take this.
And cutaway complete.
(SIREN WAILS) Man, there is a lot of bad art in these hallways.
All right, Stewie, see you after school.
Wait a minute, where are all the other kids? Haven't you heard? There's been an outbreak of measles.
It's all because everyone stopped vaccinating their kids.
Oh, my God! And it's not just our school.
Kids all over town are getting sick.
(AIR RAID SIREN BLARES) OFFICIAL (OVER BULLHORN): Attention! Attention! What the hell? (CROWD CLAMORING, SIRENS WAILING) People of Quahog, your town is under quarantine.
Until further notice, no one may enter or leave the city.
Oh, that's the guy who bought the bullhorn at the park.
Oh, this is awful.
It's all our fault! And look, Joe's arguing with a state policeman over jurisdiction.
Thanks, Swanson, we'll take it from here.
It's a state matter now.
No way, this is my town.
Thanks, guys, the feds will take it from here.
Oh, no, this is my state.
Hi, I'm a crossing guard who can walk, so I have jurisdiction over all of you.
Must be serious.
They brought in the big guns.
You happy now, Lois? Because of you, there's a measles epidemic, and the whole town is quarantined.
Speak for yourself, Brian.
I, for one, am enjoying the indoor family time.
Who's up for another game of hot-breath telephone? (LOUD, MUMBLED WHISPER) We're all gonna die! Chris, you're supposed to whisper that to the next person.
Peter, Brian's right! We were wrong about everything! We've got to get to the hospital and get Stewie vaccinated! Eh, it might be a little too late for that.
I kind of destroyed all the vaccines in town.
(EXPLOSIONS, GLASS SHATTERING) All right, what else did I have to do today? Ah, yes, overdose in my apartment.
I better get home.
You destroyed all the vaccines? Yeah, but it's fine.
There's nothing to worry about.
Is anyone else feeling feverish, achy, and acutely sensitive to light? Oh, my God, Peter.
Y-you've got measles! Now, hold on, hold on, before we all freak out, it might just be full-body herpes.
Wait, you guys, Dad might not have been vaccinated.
Didn't Grandma say he was born in Mexico? Nobody remembers that, Meg.
We got to keep you away from Stewie.
You'll get him sick.
Oh, my little guy's gonna be fine.
All he needs is a good, old-fashioned game of hot-breath telephone.
(BREATHY WHISPER): Measles.
(YELLS) I've got to get out of this house, or I'll be in worse shape than John Goodman! I've got your EKG here.
How does it look? Well, it spells out "Pancakes.
" Oh, okay, so same as last time.
I'm recommending you go on a strict diet immediately.
Nope.
Horses that make it look like I can walk, take me to Hollywood! All right, I'm almost done packing.
I've got it down to four bags and a hatbox.
I'm gonna need some help, Rupert.
Rupert? Ew, that's the tushie thermometer.
Dear God, you're burning up! I have to get out of here! I'm sorry, Rupert.
But the situation here has become unbearable.
Like talking to someone with adult braces.
So, yeah, last weekend, Sheila and I took the kids up to the lake, it was great.
We had great weather, fired up the barbecue, Sheila's parents came up towards the end of the week (LOUDLY): When are you gonna get those off? (WEAKLY): Meg, you must carry on my legacy.
Promise me you'll crop the chotches.
Crop them, Meg! Crop them all! LOIS: Peter, Stewie's gone! I've looked everywhere! Oh, Lois, I feel a little better.
I think I could keep down deviled eggs.
Lois, what's wrong? I can't find Stewie.
He must've gotten out of the house.
God knows how far he's gone.
Well, look, there's a Family Circus dotted path.
It'll lead us right to him.
BRIAN: Ah, it's just Billy.
He died of measles.
And here comes Marmaduke to lick up the vomit.
Lucky.
If I can just escape this quarantine and make it to the next town, I'll be able to get that vaccine I need.
Stewie! I'm you from the future! You've got to get the hell out of town before you get sick! Yeah, I know.
That's what I'm doing.
Okay, I'm really here because I know you have glue.
Give me the glue.
(INHALES DEEPLY, THEN MOANS) Stewie, listen to me, never, ever do this great thing I love.
There's the bridge out of town! So we're all there at the Clam, just kind of making music together, and then Peter, of course, had to join in and clap his hands, and I said, "Eh, that's enough of that.
" (CHUCKLES) Yeah, I kind of run the group.
I'll just have to go around them.
Good Lord.
I hope my shoe doesn't fall to make me realize how far the drop is.
(SPLASH IN THE DISTANCE) Oh, my orthotic was in there.
(TIRES SCREECH) Stewie? Where are you? Lois, what's going on? That's one of my sidekicks' wives.
He says he's in charge of the group, is that true? No, not in the slightest, but, Joe, Stewie's gone missing.
We can't find him anywhere.
Lois, look! (GRUNTING) I don't know if he can hold on much longer.
We got to get him down.
Stewie, hang on! Mommy's coming! (TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS) Oh, no, upside-down train! (YELLS) - Stewie! - Oh, no! (CONTINUES YELLING) Sean Penn? That's right, two-time Oscar winner Sean Penn.
What are you doing here? I'm bringing vaccines into your quarantined town.
Any time there's a public health crisis in a third-world land, I'm there.
Third world? This is Rhode Island.
Oh, really? Have you seen some of the delis on Federal Hill? Oh-ho-ho! Rhode Island slam! Ho-ho! I like you, Sean Penn.
Oh, my God, you saved my baby! Thank you so mu Oh.
Sean Penn.
You're the one who played that homosexual.
Yeah.
All right, well, I'll take my son now.
I've brought enough vaccines for your whole town.
I hope you've realized that vaccinations are not a freedom of choice issue, they're a public health issue.
Thanks to them, countless serious diseases, mumps, polio, smallpox, and rubella, have been all but eradicated.
Like clean water and functional schools, vaccinations are a human right.
Great, just what I needed, a lecture from liberal Hollywood.
This whole thing has been a lecture from liberal Hollywood.
Well, it's a relief that everyone's been vaccinated, and the quarantine has been lifted.
Well, I'm just happy that Stewie is healthy, and only 150 people died, but not anyone we knew personally.
Yeah, I know I sure learned something.
(TAPPING ON WINDOW) Hey, do you like apples? Yeah.
Well, I got her number.
How do you like them apples? Oh, Bat Damon! You got the best of me again! 

Hi.
It's me, Peter.
You may be wondering what I'm doing in a library.
Well, I actually drove my car into this rich guy's house, and he locked me in here until the police come.
Don't believe me? I don't know.
I just locked him in the library.
Seems like he's on something.
He's got crazy eyes and keeps screaming, "I don't care.
" I don't care! Anyway, I've got some time to kill before this room is filled with tear gas, so I thought, "Why not finally read some of the classics I never read in high school.
" Here's one right here, The Great Gatsby.
A book by the only respected guy in the world named Scott.
(1920S-ERA JAZZ PLAYING) STEWIE: It was my first summer staying at the shore, but I had a feeling that I, Nick "The Situation" Carraway, would fit right in.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING, FROGS CROAKING) Hey, it's Nick from The Great Gatsby.
I just checked in, and somebody left their teeth here.
I-I don't know, it's just a set of teeth.
I-I guess men's? No, I'm not putting them anywhere.
You come and get them.
- (LIVELY JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) - Yecch.
The neighbors are having a party with loud jazz music.
Well, at least annoyingly scatting over jazz hasn't been invented yet.
MAN: Bop, bop, bop, ba-ba-bah Boop, boop, boop, doo, boo Oh, that must have been invented today! Hey, whose party is this? I'm not sure.
Women aren't allowed to ask questions yet.
So, what's your name? Madam, you forget yourself.
That's when I first laid eyes on him.
Jay Gatsby.
He was clearly playing with himself through his pocket, but I pretended not to see.
Hello.
Welcome to my party.
Name's Gatsby.
Good to meet you, old sport.
Yeah, just a wave is fine.
I-I'm your new neighbor, Nick Carraway.
Oh, I hope we weren't too loud, old sport.
Yeah, this "old sport" thing, is this is this something you're trying out, - or is this a keeper? - I just met you, so I want to tell you something very private.
Let's go out to the dock.
I come down here to think every night and gaze at that green light.
It's where the love of my life lives, Daisy Buchanan.
Um, I hate to break it to you, but that light you've been looking at is a gay gym called The Pump House.
I-I only know that because I saw a coupon that came with my rental.
Um anyway, Daisy's house is over there.
- She's my cousin.
- Daisy's your cousin?! Yeah.
Lot of weird coincidences for an American classic, huh? Wha I have to see her! Well, I can set that up.
Um, only thing is she's married.
Yeah, and I hear her husband's a real heel.
Whoa-hoa! Language! But yeah, I'll set it up.
Um, tea tomorrow at my house, 2:00 p.
m.
Great.
She's she's gonna be there, right? Yeah.
Why wouldn't she be there? I don't know, I'm just getting a funny vibe from you.
You asked me down to the docks alone, and you're getting a funny vibe from me? (BIRDS CHIRPING) Wow.
What an ugly little house.
Oh, yeah, it's not that palace of domestic abuse you live in.
Whassup? Oh, my God! Is it really you? Oh, I've missed you, Daisy.
You're as beautiful as ever.
You know what else is beautiful? My bank account.
Boom! - Rich guy.
- You're rich now? - Oh, my God, I love that! - I know, right? Come on, I'll show you my place.
Oh, you're leaving? But I made all these deviled eggs.
- You made? - You know what I meant.
Yeah, you made them.
Great job.
(DISHES SHATTER) (DANCE BAND PLAYING MELLOW JAZZ) You know, one of the best parts of having an enormous mansion is being able to come out here and get some fresh air.
You know, sometimes I just want to jump off this balcony and into that pool down there.
So do it.
Yeah, I know, right? Do it! (CHUCKLES) Yeah.
Do it.
I know.
I totally should, right? Here I go.
One, two, three (LAUGHING): Whoa! Can you imagine? Yeah, I-I can imagine.
It would be fun.
- You should do it.
- If only it were that easy, right? It is.
It looks deep enough.
It's your pool.
It's your house.
- You can do whatever you want.
- I know, right? Ah, you know what? I can't right now.
My pool guy's cleaning it.
Are you going to bone her? (BAND PLAYING MELLOW JAZZ) This is amazing! I've never seen so many shirts.
D-Do you have enough to, you know, throw? Yeah, you know, they're actually kind of expensive Ah, there she goes.
Shirt! Shirt! Shirt! Shirt! Shirt! Okay, five is good.
Five is-is probably good.
Shirt! Shirt! (CHUCKLES): Were you, uh were-were you this crazy when we dated before? Mm, Gatsby, is it? I've been hearing about your vast newly acquired wealth and your attentions to my wife.
So I thought I would have you over to my equally large and fancy but imperceptibly more classy mansion for an awkward dinner.
And, Nick, have you met Jordan? She plays golf, and is what kids will someday call a "DUFF.
" Hey, yeah.
Nice tam-o'-shanter.
I'll drink your finger bowl if you don't want it.
STEWIE: In the book, I actually go on a few dates with Jordan.
We're gonna skip all that.
Anyway, like I was saying, you're a trash, 'cause you earned your money a little bit more recently than me.
- What are you getting at? - I'm saying I invited you over and sat you next to my wife to say, "Stay away from my wife!" You know what we should do? Let's all drunk-drive into Manhattan and get a hotel room and have the same conversation we're having here.
I'm starting to think this isn't a very good book.
I'd like to add another bit of pointless confusion that will make sense later.
Let's everyone drive somebody else's car.
Someone can take my coupe.
I'm riding with Gatsby, I don't care which car.
I'll take someone in Daisy's car.
I don't think Daisy said you could drive her car.
Tom, why don't you take Jay's car? - Who's Jay? - Gatsby.
Okay, I have never heard anyone call him that.
Look, if you're in your own car you're in the wrong car.
All right, you guys get gas.
I got to talk to this random mechanic's horny wife about some business.
Wilson? Gonna need to fill 'er up! Wilson's wife? Fill 'er up? Get it? (LAUGHS) (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) I don't know what they do up there, but they sure do listen to Def Leppard pretty loud.
Gotta photograph, picture of - (BED SQUEAKING RHYTHMICALLY) - So, seen any good movies lately? We just saw Woman Tied to Railroad Tracks 5.
Pretty similar to 4.
(BED CONTINUES SQUEAKING) Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Wow, looks like you guys are getting a head start on the Depression here.
(PETER MOANS LOUDLY) Thanks for stopping by, Mr.
Buchanan.
Yeah, sure.
Don't tell anyone how bad I look naked.
Have fun raising my bastard.
All right, let's head out.
Wait, but first I want to see if we're in the funny horn era.
(OLD-FASHIONED HORN): Ah-ooga! Ah-ha! We are! All right, Gatsby, you think you're so hot? Let me show you how a classy guy does classy stuff.
Hello, room service? I'd like a bottle of your second most expensive champagne.
And I'd like your most expensive bottle.
Wow.
Walked right into that one.
Okay, fine.
Well, then let's see who has higher socks.
Nya-ha! Whatever, Tom.
None of that matters.
Daisy's in love with me.
In fact, she's never loved you.
Oh, is that so? Well, I hear Gatsby didn't even fight in World War I.
Wait, why is he calling it that? Is there gonna be another big war? I'm sorry, Tom.
That's right.
I'm in love with Daisy, and she loves me, old sport.
Would anyone like a deviled egg from a tea I had several days ago? Well, that was awful.
But I sure do enjoy driving your car instead of you driving it, even though we came in a different car.
Drunk.
Don't forget drunk.
You're drunk-driving my car.
Gas and sandwiches! Get your gas and sandwiches! (GASPS) Oh, that must be Tom, since I saw him in that car earlier! Tom! Tom! It's me! Oh-ho, no! Myrtle! Where will I ever find another woman with a hotter name than Myrtle? (SIGHING): All right, pool, do your thing.
You hungover? Uh, a little bit, yeah.
Okay, we're sort of racing to the end here.
And with that, I shall step slightly out of range.
All right, I'm just gonna take a quick swim.
Oh, my God! Where are the stairs? There's no stairs! I'm never gonna make it! You were standing earlier in the day next to the car that hit my wife.
(GRUNTING, GROANING) STEWIE: I would soon return to New York a changed man, because, for me, that will always be the summer that I finally put my head underwater.
(PANTING): I did it! I did it! Aw, I wish somebody had seen that.
(QUIETLY): Hi.
Me again.
I'm not in that guy's library anymore.
I snuck up to the attic just before the cops busted in.
They're down there now.
Look.
Only problem is, I really want to get to that trunk of costumes in the corner.
On the one hand, I don't want to give away my location.
On the other hand, there might be a pirate hat.
(FLOORBOARD CREAKS) Hmm, no pirate hat, but I'll make it work.
Argh! I'm a chef aboard a pirate ship! Now, who be wantin' pancakes? COP: I think I hear something in the attic.
Oh, crap.
While I figure out my options, here's Huckleberry Finn.
(STILTED): Hi, Huckleberry Finn! (STILTED): Hi, Tom Sawyer.
You're Tom, I'm Huck.
Everybody good? Yup? All right, let's do this.
Huckleberry Finn, you get inside this house this minute.
It's Tuesday morning.
It's time for church.
Aw, Widow Douglas, I already been to church three times today.
I want to stay home and play Angry Birds.
(SQUAWKING) (PIGS SNORTING) (CHUCKLES) This is addictive.
Hey, I'm your abusive dad, and I've been drinkin' all day from this here jug.
Oh, my God, is that a jug full of porn? Hey, Widow Douglas, I want to live with my dad! Shut your hole! Now come on, I need to use your pee.
I'm taking a wagon test in the morning.
I wish you wouldn't drink so much.
Stop countin' my drinks! Now get over here so I can whip you! Ow! Pap! No! Yeah, that's right, bitch.
Now it's your turn (SNORING) Geez, this is worse than the Widow Douglas' house.
I got to get out of here.
I know.
I'll fake my own death.
I just need enough blood to make it look real.
Hey there! You must be Huck.
Great to finally meet you.
I hope you like it here.
I'm gonna stab you for your blood.
Oh, come on! I just got shot in the pool in the last one.
(GROANING) I can't remember why I needed the blood.
(BIRDS CHIRPING) (FIRE CRACKLING) Lord, I'm-a tell ya, being a slave is a much worse job than the temp agency made it sound.
You gonna eat all that possum? I am.
My name's Huck Finn.
What's half of your name? Jim.
Nice to meet you.
I'm a runaway slave.
I'm runnin' away 'cause people want me to wear shoes and comb my hair.
So I guess we got the exact same problem.
(DISTANT WHOOSHING) Hey, what's that sound? Oh, no! It sounds like a waterfall! Hold on! JIM: We died.
So wait.
We didn't die? I don't know.
It's all just jokes.
- Ah! Did you see that? - What? I just skipped that rock six times! That's a once-in- a-lifetime skip! - That's nice.
- You don't believe me, do ya? I believe we've been out here a long time, and a man's mind begins to play tricks on him.
It happened for real! I can't believe you didn't see it! Of course I saw it.
Most amazing damn thing I ever did witness.
But I wasn't gonna tell Huck, 'cause he claimed he didn't see me hook-shot that apple core into the garbage from way far away.
Hello, friends.
Why are you so friendly? You con men? No, we're businessmen.
We're fake-selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
Don't say "fake-selling.
" We're real-selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
Stop qualifying the selling.
We're just selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
- I'll buy it.
- Hold on, now, Huck.
These fellas are con men.
Push off, you grifters.
We don't want to ever see you again.
Fine, we're going! It's a river we can't control how fast it goes.
We can barely steer! Sorry.
(ROOSTER CROWING) Hey, what if it's spelled with an A at the end of it? Is that okay? Jim? Jim? Jim? Jim? If you're looking for a gym, Ye Olde Pump House is that way.
Can't miss it.
Green light on a dock.
Tom Sawyer? What are you doing so far from home? Rush is playing here tonight.
They wrote a song about me.
Oh.
Well, I'm looking for my friend, Jim.
Huck! Great news! I'm free! You are? That's awesome! When did that happen? It's just being revealed now, but it happened hundreds of pages ago.
Oh.
Huh.
Weird.
(SIGHING): So, uh, what's left to do? I'll tell you what: Rush concert! (INTRO TO "TOM SAWYER" PLAYING) A modern-day warrior, mean, mean stride Today's Tom Sawyer, mean, mean pride Hey.
I'm Mark Twain.
Pretty cool book, huh? Well, while I'm being booked and processed downtown, we have time for one more classic of American literature.
This one's about idiots choking rodents.
I give you Of Mice and Men.
- Read him his rights.
- You know what? I'm like to read 'em myself.
"Chapter one: eat my ass, pigs.
" Aah! The bones in my nose! Wow.
I remember when this used to be all orange groves.
It's it's currently all orange groves.
Tell me again about our dream, George.
All right, all right.
We're going to open a bed-and-breakfast in the country, and we won't be afraid to let our guests know that we are Steelers fans in this house.
- What about the rabbits? - Yeah, we'll have rabbits, too.
But we'll also have a sign in the front that says, "Steelers fan parking only.
" And sometimes we'll give our guests a fake hard time.
Like if they're Jets fans, we'll be all like, (CHUCKLING): "Okay, I hope you don't get towed.
" But obviously, you know, of course, we're not gonna tow 'em.
Hey there, strangers.
Welcome to Phelps Ranch.
- People call me Slim.
- Ironically, I assume.
Listen, we're looking for field work, uh, if you need any extra hands.
Well, three of our guys did just get squished, so we just might.
Come on in.
So, have you done this kind of work before? Have we pulled an object off a plant and placed it in a burlap bag? Yes, I think we understand the nuances of this profession.
Good, good.
And how about you? Tell me about yourself.
I like to kill animals and then a lady.
I got a good feeling about you guys.
All right, you guys are doing great.
Hey, listen, my dog just had puppies, and I thought, since you're covered with feces and I barely know you, I'd give you a delicate, snow-white, newborn puppy.
Okay, just don't give me to Dead-Eyes over there, 'cause I've already been killed twice in the other two stories, and I don't want Puppy! Aw, (BLEEP)! (CRUNCHING) This puppy doesn't work! Well, well, well As you can tell by the "well, well, well", he's the bad guy.
Looks like we got us some new employees.
That's right, Curley, I hired 'em this morning.
Well, tell 'em to get out.
This is where I practice my karate, 'cause I'm a dick.
I understand you like to pick fruit.
You ever pick something bruised and pear-shaped? Fruit has seeds you can poo out! Hey, Hodor, stop coming on to my slutty wife! Look, I can tell by the fact that you wear a single, Vaseline-filled leather glove that you're a reasonable man.
So, let's all take a deep breath and calm down.
No! Karate chop! (GRUNTING) (BONES CRUNCHING) (YELLS) Damn it! I tuck my jeans into my boots! I'll get you, you stupid, giant moron.
Not great timing, I know, but can I leave early for a dentist appointment? So, I should be home by 10:00.
It's just this piano-bar-slash-cabaret place called "Tinkles.
" Rory told me about it.
Who's Rory? You remember him.
The field hand who gave me a shoulder ride back to the house? That was Rory.
Anyway, it sounds like it's just a hoot.
Wow, maybe you'll meet a pretty lady to get married to there.
Yeah, well, that's the idea.
While you're gone, can I touch myself? Uh, again, you don't have to schedule that with me.
But remember, if there's any trouble, we meet by the big tree on the edge of town.
Everything in my head is screaming.
All right, then, I am off.
Well, hello there.
If it isn't the sexy imbecile.
Oh, hi.
Sorry about what I did to your husband earlier.
Yes, that was quite a hand job you did on him.
You know, I'm not so bad at those myself.
I'm not gonna lie to you, you're wasting your double entendres on me.
(QUIETLY): I want you to destroy me.
Okay! (BONE SNAPPING) (PIANO PLAYING "JEEPERS CREEPERS") Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those peepers Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those eyes (APPLAUSE) Thank you, thank you.
Oh, I just love a song that explains what it just said.
(INDISTINCT WHISPERING, STEWIE SIGHS) All right, evidently I have to go to the big tree on the edge of town to take care of something.
This shouldn't take too long.
Do not take my songs off the list.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING) I'm sorry, George, I didn't mean to kill the girl, and now the whole town's gonna hang me by a rope.
Oh, I would never let that happen.
Thanks.
- Tell me about the rabbits, George.
- Yeah, sure thing.
But while I do that, why don't you face away from me and count the stars.
Okay.
All right, so the B&B will have a rack of single-gear bikes for every guest, and yes, next to that, of course, is going to be the big, giant rabbit hutch.
- Buh-bye, Lennie.
- (BODY THUDS ON GROUND) Goodnight, kids.
Good luck with those book reports.

And now, the Game Show Network presents, Are We Talking About Jake Gyllenhaal or Jared Leto? "I am oily-haired with dinner-plate eyes.
" "I was in that one movie about the weirdo.
" "I somehow look both deathly ill and ripped.
" "I am a less successful version of Tobey Maguire.
" Anyone? No? "You would totally believe any story about me being a dick.
" I'm changing the channel.
I like both of them.
Peter, did you see this? It says here that Carter Pewterschmidt has bought the Pawtucket Patriot Brewery.
Now what's that? It's where you work, Peter.
Why the hell would Daddy buy the brewery? Well, there's children in the room watch your swearing But apparently, he's looking to diversify his holdings.
Wow, Dad.
I guess that means Grandpa's your new boss.
Ah, crap.
I don't want to work for him.
I'd rather work for Doctor Frankenstein.
(ELECTRICAL BUZZING) (MUTTERS) - Igor, I did it! - Hold on.
You discovered the power to create new life, and you created a guy? So I should've made a woman so I could have sex with a corpse? I don't know, man.
You just shouldn't have made a guy.
All right, now that I'm in charge of this brewery, there's gonna be some changes around here.
For one thing, no more T-shirts or dungarees in the work place.
Dungarees are jeans! Griffin? What are you doing here? I I work here.
You do? No way! Oh, this is gonna be fun.
Effective immediately, you're the guy at the office with a weird ski tan, but you can't talk about it.
Hey, what, did you go skiing this weekend? I'm not allowed to talk about it.
(HUMMING) Dog driving a car.
(HUMMING) (SIREN CHIRPS) Aw, damn it.
Morning, Brian.
I'm afraid you ran a red light.
Your license please.
Ugh.
I swear, Joe, the light was still gray when I went through it.
Mm-hmm.
Are you aware this is expired? What? Brian, step out of the vehicle.
Wha-Wha What? What's going on? Well, the law's clear.
I have to confiscate your license, and you're gonna have to walk home.
Well, can't you at least give me a ride? No can do, amigo.
Ugh.
All right, I guess I'll just call an Uber.
(PHONE BUZZES) Are you Brian? Ah, Griffin, there you are.
I've decided that as your new boss, I'm gonna require you to have a standing desk.
Aw, but I'll look like such an ass! And that's not all.
You got to constantly tell everybody what a good idea it is, and how important it is, and how wrong they are for having traditional desks.
Can't I just work at it and mind my own business? No, you have to be a freak about it.
Maybe it can just be my own personal choice, and-and I'm not judging others for their choices.
No.
You being right means everyone else is wrong.
That's what your standing desk is saying to the chair people.
From now on, you call them "chair people.
" Oh, and three times a day you have to say, "Sitting is the biggest killer in America.
" (GROANS) Good night, Peter.
Good night, gender-transitioned co-worker we had a whole meeting about.
WOMAN: Mr.
Pewterschmidt, what you're ordering is illegal.
I don't care about that.
I want our beer cans made from the cheapest material possible.
But sir What about those metal toilets where prisoners make wine? Use those.
But sir, if word got out about this, it'd be one of the most notorious developments in beer history, second only to Michelob Ultra Dragon Fruit Peach.
Peter, are you sure you heard Mr.
Pewterschmidt correctly? He actually said he wanted cheap, toxic materials inserted into the brewery's supply stream? Well, his eyes looked different how he said it, but that was the gist.
Also, some of the brewery workers say very hurtful things if a co-worker wears shorts.
Follow the money.
Mr.
Griffin, it sounds like you've brought me an interesting story.
What should I do with it, Ollie? Make it news! Ah, you got a standing desk, too? Sitting's bad! I know.
They don't want to hear it, though.
WOMAN: Sir, there's a reporter here to see you.
Is it Kermit the Frog when he's wearing a trench coat? That tells you he's a reporter.
("DREAM WEAVER" PLAYS, SUNG IN JAPANESE) Sir, an anonymous whistleblower in the brewery says you've personally ordered the sourcing of cut-rate, potentially toxic canning materials.
God, you're gorgeous.
Mr.
Pewterschmidt, I remind you, this is on the record.
You ever been with a man who's got a prostate the size of a beefsteak tomato? (KNOCKING) Oh, crap, it's Carter! I bet he's mad I told the news about him.
I'll just do what Superman does.
Oh, hey, Carter.
Hello, citizen.
Have you seen Peter? Aw, he was just here! Daddy, what's this about? Did Peter screw something up at work? No, I'm here because I've got important news.
Lois, everyone, I've left your mother, and Tricia Takanawa is moving in with me.
Holy crap! What?! I wanted you to know.
I'm in love! Well, good for you for being honest, Carter.
It's never good to keep something that matters to you a secret.
Tell her about the surf camp in Belize, Peter.
Tell her you're going.
Tell her it's your dream, and you deserve it.
Tell her it'll make you a better father.
What's that, Peter? Ah, nothing.
Just something stupid.
(ENGINE STARTS) You're leaving Babs for Tricia Takanawa?! And I've never been happier! What about Mom? Where is Mom? The sanitarium.
The sanitarium?! Yeah.
I told her I was leaving her, and she freaked out for no reason.
And I'll tell you, I don't know why they call it a "sanitarium.
" That place is a filthy hell hole.
Oh, my God! That's awful! Sorry.
What'd you say? I was texting Tricia.
She just sent me a picture of her smoothie.
"Looks good, babe.
" All right, class, let's get started.
Stewie, what are you doing? And why are you dressed like that? Because I'm your driver's ed instructor, Brian.
- You're what? - That's right.
I heard you lost your license, and I'm gonna help you get it back.
Uh okay.
Now, we've got a lot to cover.
But first, let's watch a safety video designed to terrorize you into being a responsible motorist.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) Come on, kid with a bright future.
I'll give you a no-seatbelt car ride after this teen kegger party.
I don't know.
I'm going to Harvard-Yale tomorrow.
I'd hate to lose it all because of making poor choices.
Ah, come on, man.
I just had a couple of alcohol beers.
And I'm his girlfriend 'cause he has great genitals.
And I'm impressed with reckless behavior, so I'm going to reward him with my mouth while he's driving.
Now let's smoke a marijuana cigarette while I'm speeding because of a dare.
Hey, careful.
I'd hate for you to be unresponsive to my pleasuring while you're driving because of intoxication.
BRIAN: Stewie, is this about anything but oral stuff while you're driving? STEWIE: It's about all facets of driving safety, yes.
I'm gonna fast-forward.
(SQUEAKING) (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS, HISSING) What a waste.
I'm a grizzled, seen-it-all veteran cop, and I'm shaking my head at the senseless waste.
Sir, we've done our police tests.
The driver was being mouth-pleased at the moment of impact.
Lois! Fat Ass! Family, I want you to meet Tricia Takanawa.
Hello, everyone.
So happy you came.
Yup, food's on the table, and if anyone needs some dirty underpants, the vending machine's right over there.
How nice.
Right where my mother's China cabinet used to be.
Lois, can I please have a dollar for the vending machine? No, Peter.
I'm getting our coats.
We're leaving.
(GIRL GIGGLING IN MACHINE) GIRL: No! Bill too crinkly! Try again! Bill too crinkly! You dollar funny! This must be so difficult for you.
It is.
There's a lot of choices here.
But I ain't talking to you.
I thought you were supposed to be doing a news story on Carter, not shacking up with him.
The truth is all I ever wanted was to some day have a family of my own.
And I realized Carter could give me all of that.
A family all your own? Yes.
A family just like this, in fact, with a fine son just like you, Peter.
A son to whom I could one day give a piece of sour plum candy.
(GASPS) Thank you, Mama Tricia! But a lazy son who does not make me proud? Peter, that son deserves no candy.
(CRYING) I swear, Mama Tricia, I'm gonna make you the proudest Tiger Mom of all! Not like how Jesus feels about his kid.
Dad, I got bullied at school! They flipped up my lunch tray! Oh, that sucks.
I wonder if that's the worst thing that ever happened to a guy? Whoa.
Whoa! Billy, this guy in this book here He's really getting the business yikes! Okay, I'm sorry.
What happened at school today? You're kind of a dick, Dad.
Huh.
I wonder if there's anyone in here whose dad was a bigger dick.
Wow! Crazy! Uh, Mom, why is Dad over there playing chess with Tricia Takanawa? Because, Chris, your idiot father thinks she's his new "Tiger Mom," and he's trying to impress her.
All right, Peter, it's time to master the game of chess.
Okay, that shouldn't be too hard.
No.
You will do it in the traditional Japanese way On a wacky game show while a beautiful woman beats your scrotum with a reed.
Ow.
I don't know which way the horse goes.
(YELLS) Why is that guy laughing at me and where is he? (BUZZER RINGS) There was a time limit? Nobody told me that.
(YELLS) Time for "Good Door, Bad Door"! Wait.
How bad is the bad door? Grandpa-san, how bad was the bad door? Not too bad.
But shortly afterwards, I was almost eaten alive by an escalator.
(BELL BUZZES) The game is still going on? (LAUGHING): You lose chess! (GASPS) Peter, another way to impress your Asian Tiger Mom is to put on this old-fashioned baseball hat and assist Indiana Jones on his next adventure.
You got it, Mama Tricia.
Okay, nice and slow, Doctor Jones.
More alcohol and pot.
Yeah, let's get you out of the tub first, Doctor Jones.
I want to fly an old plane.
I'm not sure that's a great idea.
Not a new, safe one.
Uh, yeah, yeah, I got that.
(SHRIEKS) There's a skeleton in my bedroom.
That's your wife, Doctor Jones.
Now maybe today we don't do the earring? No.
Earring every day.
All right, Brian, let's begin.
Great, let's do it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! - Stop! Demerit! - (TIRES SQUEAL) What the hell? Where are your hands, Brian? Uh on the steering wheel? Ten and two.
All right, commence.
IPDE, Brian, IPDE.
What? IPDE Identify, Predict, Decide, Execute.
You've got to constantly be IPDE-ing everything in your target zone.
I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what you're saying.
IPDE: "Identify.
Predict" Yeah, you said that.
- But it doesn't mean anyth - IPDE that.
- Uh it's a child with a ball.
- Very good.
Identified.
Now predict.
- Predict what? - IPDE.
Yeah, you keep saying that like it's a word.
Those four letters don't make a word.
It-it's not helping me remember anything.
Well, now you've got an oncoming vehicle.
Pay attention to your four-to-six second zone.
What? What is that? Fo-four-to-six second? IPDE the car, Brian.
IPDE the car! What does that mean? Now, check your gauges with one eye while keeping your other eye on the road.
My eyes go in the same direction.
What's your tire pressure? I-I can't I don't I-I'm in the car.
Stop! Demerit! (TIRES SQUEAL) Stewie, I know how to drive.
I've been driving for years.
(HORN HONKING) Ever hear of IPDE, jackass? (CRICKETS CHIRPING) I had a great day with the fat son.
He's started to respond positively to the caning of his buttocks and knuckles.
Speaking of buttocks and knuckles, let's fool around.
Mmm, sounds good.
I wonder if I can tell you one of my deepest sexual fantasies? All right.
Let me just burp through my nose for a second, I've been drinking seltzer.
(BURPS) Okay, what do you got? Well, you're going to think this is silly, but I love it when a man confesses to manufacturing improprieties.
Oh, yeah? Well, then, you're gonna love this.
I ordered the brewery to start making beer cans out of toxic, unsafe metal, just to save a few bucks.
Exactly what I wanted to hear.
Thank you, Carter.
And there you have it, Channel Five News audience.
This has been Tricia Takanawa, with my undercover exposé of Pawtucket Patriot Brewery.
Up next is Papa John dyeing his eyebrows? I sleep with him to find out, though I'm fairly confident the answer is yes.
And we're clear.
What-What's going on? I finished my investigation.
But I don't understand.
I I thought we were in love.
I only let you think that.
I'm sorry.
It's time for me to go.
Chris? Hi, Grandpa.
I got an internship.
You mean, you've been working for Tricia? Hang on, I got to get 20 seconds of room tone.
What's room tone? Oh, we got to start again.
I miss her so much, Griffin.
Of all the women I've institutionalized Babs over, she's the one who meant the most to me.
I know.
It's like, one day she's my Tiger Mom, and the next day she isn't, and the day before that first day, she also wasn't.
But the point is she hurt us, Carter.
We got to get her back.
We need revenge.
(TV NEWS OPENING MUSIC PLAYS) Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Coming up next, Nicki Minaj is a bear? But first, congratulations to our very own Tricia Takanawa.
That's right, Tom.
Tricia's recent exposé on the Pawtucket Patriot Brewery has been nominated for a local Emmy.
Mm, the "local" really hurts that.
That's it, Griffin.
That's how we'll get our revenge.
You and I will go to the local Emmys, and we'll embarrass Tricia on her big night in front of all her peers.
That's a great idea! 'Cause people need to know that she's an even bigger fraud than Robert Baden Powell, the founder of the Boy Scouts.
Ma'am, I'd like to take your son into the woods.
What? That sounds suspicious.
Well, what if I said we'd both be wearing shorts and neckerchiefs, and I'd give him little patches for doing what I say? So? How'd we do? Did you pass your driver's test? Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
You brought up IPDE? As a matter of fact, I did.
He was impressed? No, he had no idea what I was talking about.
He tried to Google it on his phone and ended up spilling hot coffee on his balls.
I took him to the ER and he said he'd pass me if I picked him up in an hour.
So it did work.
Well, congratulations, you're getting your license back! I know, it's great.
Now I'll be able to go to those dog parties again.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS) (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS) (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) (INDISTINCT CROWD CONVERSATIONS) There's Tricia.
Sweet.
What's our plan?? We put this in her drink.
It'll make her instantly "triple" herself.
Tripling is when you vomit, defecate, and orgasm, all at the same time.
Wha I-I don't Why would that medicine even exist? Cosby.
Now all we need is a distraction so we can spike her cocktail.
Aha.
You leave that to me.
I know something that might distract all these news people.
Maybe if one of us just chuckles for no apparent reason, everyone else will start chuckling.
Worth a shot.
(CHUCKLES) (BOTH CHUCKLING) (CROWD CHUCKLING) All right, they're all news chuckling! Go, go, go! (CHUCKLING) Okay.
All Tricia's got to do now is take one sip and she'll blow it out of all three holes, right here in front of everyone.
And that will make us feel better about our life choices.
Hello, Mother.
I'm so happy you could be here tonight.
Why happy? You no work for Channel Ten, just Channel Five.
Only half as good.
Mother, please, I-I'm being honored tonight.
What honor? Connie Chung marry Maury Povich, form media super team.
Where your Povich? You have no Povich.
Wow.
Tricia's mom is really coming down hard on her.
Yeah, and with really outdated references.
You know, it's no wonder Mama Trish was so tough on me.
It's the only thing she knows.
And where grandchildren? Who take care of me when I 121 years old? Who take care of Irene? No one.
No one take care of Irene.
I guess her name is Irene.
Carter, I-I'm starting to feel bad for Tricia.
Maybe what she did to us was wrong, but sheesh, look what her own life has been like.
I-I don't, I don't think I can do this.
Well, this stuff's already in her drink.
(IN SLOW MOTION): Mama Tricia! No! (SWALLOWING) Where'd you get these? Oh, I see the guy.
You're a weird guy, Griffin.
Eh, I don't know.
You know, I just been thinking, the way you and me fell so fast for this lady, and for no reason? Maybe the problem ain't Tricia, you know? Maybe it's us.
What do you mean? Well, with my real mom gone, I-I guess maybe I just needed someone in my life to fill that role.
Someone who loves me enough to call me fat and lazy and stupid.
Hmm, maybe you're right.
And maybe I was just looking for a way to feel young again.
Hey, Carter? We're gonna be okay.
(GROANING) (FARTING) Ah, crap.
This thing was a rental.
Here's your tux back, bye! Well, I'm just glad all this nonsense with Tricia Takanawa is over.
Hey, what ever happened with Grandma? Yeah, that's what everybody was thinking about, Meg.
Trust me, she'll come back if we need her.
Hey, Stewie, seriously, thanks for everything you did to help me get my license back.
My pleasure.
But now you owe me.
That means one day, I'm gonna come to you and ask for a favor.
But I need to know something.
I need to know that you're gonna say yes when that day comes.
Uh, o-okay.
Can we go for ice cream? (DOOR CLOSES) Come on! 

TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to How David Lynch Stole Christmas.
(BOX RATTLING) Hello.
I got you a present.
It's a thumb.
(SCREAMS) Don't look away.
Let the fear wash over you.
I don't understand.
That's the whole point.
Now, did you leave a plate of black coffee out for me? - No.
- In the future, please leave a plate of black coffee out for me.
Also in the past.
You guys, what are you doing watching TV? - It's snowing.
- Really? Wow, it's so beautiful! Isn't it? And you know what's a miracle, kids? Every single snowflake is exactly alike.
I don't think that's right.
No, it's true.
Just like fingerprints.
All right, you guys ready for church? Church? What are you, an idiot? It's the first snow of the season.
We're going sledding.
Please, can we, Mom? Well, I mean, it's Sunday, and Come on, Lois.
After all, sledding was the second passion of the Christ.
Eat this, for this is my dust! My sled has Dora on it 'cause my parents got it at a yard sale.
It's still for boys though.
She's about language acquisition, not gender.
Sorry, fun-seekers, this hill is closed to sledding.
What? What are you talking about? Too many pansy-ass parents sue the city when their kids sprain a finger or crush their skull on a bumper.
I'm afraid sledding has been banned in Quahog.
You can't do that! Last time I checked, this is still the United States of Tara.
Obscure reference.
And I'm not gonna let anybody tell me where I can and cannot sled! Yeah, you're right.
Power to the people! The whole world is watching! The whole world is watching! What what just happened? Who cares? Last one down the hill - (CRASH) - Oh, my God! MAYOR WEST: Call my mom! I crushed my skull on a bumper! (SHOUTING, LAUGHING) You serious? All this white stuff used to be water? Mm.
My word.
Joe, what are you riding on? Oh, it's a bedpan.
I got a ton of these at home.
You make every activity incredibly sad.
(PANTING) There you are.
Where have you been? I just ran home to get the big sled out of our dining room.
What are you talking about? We don't have a sled in our dining room.
Everybody on! Peter, the dining room table is an antique.
It's been in my family for six generations.
It's fine.
Okay, now, since we're white guys doing something stupid, everybody grab a GoPro.
(ALL SHOUTING, LAUGHING) PETER: Yeah, this is awesome! Oh, we're drifting.
W-We're turning.
We're turning! MEG: Dad, I'm scared.
CHRIS: We're backwards! PETER: Am I the only one who thinks that now we're at an alarming speed? (THUMPING, CRASHING) (CAR ALARM WAILING) (ALL GROANING) Peter, are you insane?! You could have killed the entire family! Sorry, Lois.
I honestly thought this was gonna be fun.
Like when I won that sex contest.
PETER: First again! Wasn't even close, was it? LOIS: No, Peter, it wasn't even close.
PETER: Yeah, you are terrible at this.
Now, why don't you clean up and go get the champ a Gatorade, huh? You wearing pants always amuses me.
Yeah, I know.
It's just I got roped into going to some stupid office Christmas party with this girl I'm dating.
Really? I thought you just went to an office Christmas party with her last week.
What? Oh, no, um No, that-that was this other girl I was dating.
Um, her name was Kow-ooch.
Did you just say "couch," but pronounce it strangely so it sounded like a name? What's going on, Brian? (SIGHS) All right, look, I've been crashing office Christmas parties for the free booze and drunk women who don't want to spend the holidays alone.
Oh, so you're a Christmas party creep.
Just like the fat man is a pool party creep.
Now, Chris, you're getting older, so it's time for you to learn the classic pool party game "Talk to Somebody's Wife in a Bikini Until They Cover Up Uncomfortably.
" So, Bonnie, how are things going? Oh, things are fine.
Been kind of busy lately, what with Susie starting to Okay, bye.
Man, that's, like, two seconds.
Hey, Peter.
Hey, what have you been watching on TV lately? Oh, you know, this and that.
There's a show called Shipping Wars.
Uh, it's actually kinda Okay, bye.
Oh, boy, the Marshalls is now a Nordstrom.
I feel like our days at this mall are numbered.
Well, we have $60.
Let's see what kind of Chinese pressed-board garbage we can get to replace my grandmother's priceless mahogany table.
Dad, look, Santa's here! I want to sit on his lap.
Geez, Chris, come on.
You're in high school.
I'm gonna ask him for a family trampoline.
Holy crap, get your ass up there! (SIGHS) You know what, Peter? I'll get the table myself.
And then I might just sit in that car in the middle of the mall and cry.
Geez, look at this line.
Yeah, no kidding.
And it's not moving.
Me and my adopted son have been waiting quite a while.
Wait, what Why did you I didn't even ask.
So is your son a biolog? What I'm not I-I don't watch Modern Family, sorry.
Hey, Chris, wait here.
I'm gonna see what's going on.
Hey, Muscles, what's taking so long? I'm sorry, sir.
This may shock you, but it turns out the seasonal Santa we hired has a drinking problem.
And I don't know where to find a replacement on such short notice.
Hey, you're a hefty guy.
I called you "Muscles.
" Would you mind putting on the suit and playing Santa, just until the shift ends? I'd pay you for your time.
All right, fine.
I mean, it's not the first time I pretended to be someone else.
I once dressed as a farmer to get a date on FarmersOnly.
com.
Are you Peter? Yeah.
A-Are you the gross lady who lives in the converted horse trailer? You don't have to be lonely At FarmersOnly.
com It doesn't say "whites only," but yeah.
'Sup? Slammin' pantsuit.
Hey, I'm Scott Fitzgerald.
You probably don't recognize me 'cause I'm in corporate.
So am I.
This is corporate.
(CHUCKLES) A little too much so, if you ask me.
I I try to have fun, right? I-I mean, we're not, we're not landing planes here.
Our company manufactures aircraft landing gear systems.
Yep, uh-huh.
Well, I am going to fly us over a few more drinks.
(IMITATING PLANE ENGINE) Stewie? What are you doing here? I followed you.
I had to see for myself just how desperate and pathetic you really are.
And don't worry, I'm not sticking around this sad little Ooh! Is that rolled-up ham for everyone? Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I'll see you at home WOMAN: Hey, everyone, karaoke's starting! Well, I could watch and make fun for just a few Oh, my God! They have a photo booth with funny props! Oh, I call the big funny glasses! Jingle bell, jingle bell (CAMERA CLICKING) Jingle bell rock Jingle bell swing And jingle bells ring And I want a tricycle and a pony and an American Girl doll and a drone with a camera and a gun that fires Ho, ho, ho.
Yeah, sure, all of it.
All right, now, go pick up your picture.
And before you go crying to your mom, that's my cell phone you're feeling.
Hey, Santa Claus, you going home soon? Well, depending on how traffic is - at the North Pole.
- (CHUCKLES) So what can I get for you today? Milk and cookies? (CHUCKLES) Oh, okay.
Sorry I started this.
Chicken burrito, please.
There you go.
Merry Christmas.
Uh, how much do I, uh Oh, come on, I'm not charging Santa Claus.
It's on the house.
This is free because I'm dressed as Santa? That's right.
Anything for Santa.
Anything? Holy crap, this is awesome! I'm Santa Claus.
In this suit I'm like a god.
(SOBBING) I got a free burrito! Ugh, look at these two lumps.
Up on the housetop click, click, click Slipped on the chimney and broke his Mornin'.
Penis Dad, why are you still wearing that Santa suit? Well, the guy at the mall asked me to stay on till Christmas, and I said yes, 'cause being Santa's awesome.
You wear this suit, it's like a free pass.
People let you do anything you want.
What are you talking about? Oh, it's the stuff of dreams, Lois.
Free burritos, free orange chicken, free pretzels.
Did you make it out of the food court? I made it to the border.
I got a free iPhone case and a tiny license plate.
It says "Corey.
" Yep.
Cost me zilch.
So, who's this "Mary Christmas" everybody keeps talking about? (LAUGHS) Oh that's very clever.
I don't recognize you.
Which department are you in? Well, right now I'm in Boob Assessment.
Eww.
Hey, you were right about office Christmas parties.
- They're fantastic! - Uh-huh, okay.
I'm gonna keep looking around the room while you talk.
Yes, it's like watching a soap opera, what with all the drunken misbehavior and ill-advised hookups.
And down the hall they're doing a "white elephant.
" Oh, that gift-exchange thing? No, there's a fat secretary taking on all comers.
Where, uh, uh, which office is that in? Oh, you won't miss her.
She's still wearing the felt antlers.
Absolute freak show in there.
Hey, what the hell's going on? Oh, Santa.
I-I'm sorry.
I didn't realize this was your car.
That's right.
Now, crumple up that ticket.
Now eat it! All right, now we're gonna go to your home and wait for you to pass it, and then you're gonna eat it again.
Hey, honey, this is Santa.
He's gonna come in and watch me in the bathroom.
Oh, just like the Easter Bunny did.
Exactly.
I got a lot of guys coming through here.
ANNOUNCER: The next composition is Opus Dei, Dei Dei Pater, seventh movement, by Chopin.
(WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY) ANNOUNCER: Correction.
The next composition is 1-877-Kars-4-Kids.
(SYMPHONIC MUSIC BEGINS PLAYING) 1-877-Kars-4-Kids K-A-R-S Kars-4-Kids 1-877-Kars-4-Kids Donate your car today I lost my virginity to this song.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER) Ugh, this party's a dud.
Yeah, no kidding.
That lady turned off a Hall & Oates song because it was "too provocative.
" FEMALE EMPLOYEE: Everyone, let's remember, this is still a workplace.
MALE EMPLOYEE: Sorry, Barb.
You know what? I got an idea.
I'm gonna stir up some drama, make this party interesting.
(CLINKING) Excuse me? Uh, could I have your attention please? Hi.
Hi, I'm Chadwick Redmayne from the regional office.
Unfortunately, since people only use printers now to print out boarding passes for their grandparents, 40% of you will be laid off as of Monday.
Oh, and whoever drinks the most shots keeps their job.
(ALL GASP) See? That's how you get a party started.
Mr.
Redmayne, I don't know who you are, but I've been in charge of this office for 16 years - Sad.
- And I want to thank you.
I've been trying to reduce our staff costs for months, but just didn't have the guts to do it, much less before Christmas.
Yeah, well, that's why they send in Channing Redwick, or Chadmayne, or whatever, I don't even remember what I said.
We could use someone like you around here.
Welcome aboard.
See you Monday.
Wow, a paying, grown-up job! I haven't been this excited about anything since the night Wicked premiered in Quahog.
All right, Brian, let's rob these gay guys.
What if they're home? They're not gonna be home.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING) WOMEN: Bye, Santa! (SLURRING): Bye, strippers! Uh, you can all take your clothes off now, I was just comin' in for the spaghetti.
Aah! Bitch! Ah, that hurts.
Ah, I'm drunk.
Heart's beatin' fast.
Spaghetti angel! I'm makin' a spaghetti angel.
When Italian guys die, they they turn into into into (SNORING) MAN: Peter.
Peter Griffin.
Peter? We need to talk.
Who (GROANS) Who are you? I'm the real Santa Claus.
Awesome! Okay, my first wish is for a thousand wishes.
- Yes! - That's not me.
That's a genie.
Okay, then my first wish is for a genie.
Again, you'd need a genie.
How wasted are you? Don't judge me.
You live in a bottle.
It's a lamp.
And I'm not a genie! All right, come on now, pal, seriously, who are you really? I already told you, I'm Santa Claus.
Oh, yeah? Well, if you're Santa, then what did I ask for - for Christmas when I was 12? - Nothing.
Because it was the year you found that Penthouse in the woods.
(GASPS) You really are Santa! Am I really heavier than you? I-I got to, I got to take control.
Look, I'm not very happy with you.
You can't go around in that suit pretending you're me and acting like a complete jackass.
What are you talking about? People love me.
They give me free stuff.
No, they love me.
You're just exploiting my brand for personal gain and destroying my reputation.
So there's, like, no toilet on the sleigh, so you're, you're just, you're just crapping in people's houses, right? You're not hearing me.
Stop wearing that suit, or else.
Or else what? Or else I will put you at the top of my naughty list.
You know, you're not talking to a little kid anymore, so get the hell out of my face, Santa.
I like this suit, and I'm keeping it.
Now, if you'll excuse me, you're standing in my strip club spaghetti.
I got to get this home to my family for supper.
(ENGINE STARTS) You better watch out.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC STING) (CLUB MUSIC PLAYS IN THE BACKGROUND) Gail? Gail, is your Internet working? Mine's slow.
(GAIL SOBS AND SNIFFLES) Oh, my God, Gail, what happened? I just found out I'm part of the downsizing you announced.
Oh, no.
So your Internet, is it is it slow? Gail, you were supposed to be gone an hour ago.
Hey, give her a break, man.
This is Gail Devereaux-Slansky.
Oh, it's just Gail Devereaux now.
Oof.
Tough week.
Why don't you stop rubbernecking and finish that payroll report I asked for? I can't believe I got fired.
And right before the holidays.
Oh, God, I've ruined Christmas.
Like the Little Drummer Boy when he got really into Neil Peart.
(DRUMMING) Our finest gifts we bring Pa-rum-pum-pum-pum (COMPLEX DRUM SOLO) (GONG CRASHES, STICKS CRACK) Christmas is gonna be sick! So, Dad, now that you made Santa mad, aren't you scared he's gonna do something bad to you? Ah, Santa's all talk.
He ain't gonna do nothing.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR) Hey, Peter.
Ready to go to Build-A-Bear? What? What are you talking about? I got your text.
It says, "Hey, Joe, cancel your plans.
Let's go to Build-A-Bear.
" I didn't send you a Oh, son of a bitch, Santa.
Joe, I did not send you a text.
Well, you sent another text that says, "Hey, Joe, it's definitely me, Peter, who sent the text.
" Damn it, he covered all bases.
What do you think, Peter? Maybe a little sun hat for Cindy? Whatever, I'm done with my bear.
Let's get out of here.
Well, the text you sent earlier would disagree.
You said, "No matter what I say, I want to build multiple bears.
" Joe, I swear to you, I do not want to do that.
(PHONE VIBRATES) News flash, Peter, looks like you do.
Would anyone like to lead the family in a holiday prayer? I'll tell you who should be saying his prayers, Santa.
He messes with me, I mess with him.
That's why I replaced one of his flying reindeer with an ordinary, non-magical one.
(WIND BLOWING, BELLS JINGLING) (BELLOWING) Cut it off, cut it off! (CONTINUES BELLOWING AND WHINNYING) You know, I think this year is gonna be the best (LOUD CRASH, PLATES SHATTER) Yay, free horse! (DOORBELL RINGS) What the hell? Hey, Chris, get in here.
This is impossible, right? All of Meg's farts here in this box? I would think that's impossible.
Yeah, right? That's impossible.
Is this the box? Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, that's impossible.
I know, it's impossible.
Right O-okay, all right, I'm opening it.
Unless whoever sent it was magic.
Oh, well, now that's interesting.
Chad, we got to talk about this report.
Why do you write all your twos backwards? Well, you know it's a two, so why are we talking? Fix it, or you're fired.
You know what? I thought working in a cubicle at a mid-sized printing company would be the adventure of a lifetime.
Instead, it's been nothing but tedium and cruelty.
It's time to set things right.
Here you go, Warren.
Merry Christmas.
$11,000? Yes, it's the maximum check amount I'm authorized to cut.
Cash it fast.
Merry Christmas, cash it fast.
Merry Christmas, cash it fast.
Merry Christmas, cash it fast.
Thanks, Chadwick.
This is awesome.
I think you mean "Happy Holidays.
" You got to be kidding me.
(CHUCKLING): Oh, this is too good.
(GIGGLES) Point, Griffin.
Let's see you top (CHOKING) Now you gonna listen? Now you gonna listen, you little bitch? - Whose suit are you wearing? - Your suit! - Whose suit? - Your suit! It's your suit! (GROANING AND GASPING) (YELLS) Okay, okay, I'll never wear that Santa suit again.
Just stop terrorizing me and take me off the naughty list.
- You promise? - Yes! Thank you.
I've always known you were a good boy deep inside, Peter.
And just so you know there are no hard feelings, this is for you.
It's that Penthouse you found in the woods.
(GASPS) With Vanessa Williams and George Burns on the cover? I'm glad you like it.
I had to buy it from a really creepy guy on the Internet.
Look, Santa, I owe you an apology.
I'm sorry I took advantage of your good name.
You spread so much joy and wonder to kids everywhere, and I just used that to get stuff for myself.
Apology accepted.
And truth is, you weren't the worst Santa.
This was the worst Santa.
Oh, ho, ho, ho! Oh, and that's another thing.
It's "Ho, ho, ho.
" Everybody pronounces it wrong.
It's very irritating.
(WHISTLES) So long, Peter.
Glad to have you back on the nice list.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYS) Merry Christmas! Ho, ho, ho.
PETER: And that was the Christmas I would never forget.
Until I went home and had, like, 50 beers, and did forget.
But only after I screamed myself into a blackout while my whole family held me down.
Merry Christmas.

ANNOUNCER: And now, The History Channel presents American Inventor: The True Story of Henry Ford.
This is my Jew Flattening Machine.
It'll flatten any Jew.
Simply climb behind the wheel, drive it towards a Jew, and flatten him.
Could you also use it just to drive from place to place and stuff? It-It's a Jew Flattening Machine.
It's not what it's designed for.
But you could use it that way? Yeah, yeah, you cou Yeah, yeah, you-you could also use the Mona Lisa as a placemat.
God.
- Hey, guys.
- Oh, hey, Quagmire.
How was marching band practice? Peter, you know this is a pilot's uniform.
It represents years of specialized training.
Yeah, well, you know what else takes years of specialized training? Crossing your eyes.
Aah! Aah! Aah! Too far! Too far! MAN (Korean accent): Hold still.
Thank you, Korean sweatshop animator.
You've earned your nickel this week.
Where're you coming from, Quagmire? I had to fly to Aruba, so I brought my mom along with my "friends and family" discount.
Did you Yes, Joe, I got you a magnet.
Where do you even put all those magnets, Joe? Well, you know I have that fridge in the garage with bags of blood in my blood type? What's "friends and family"? Oh, airline employees can get discounted tickets for family and close friends.
What? How-how come you've never done that for us? If I'm being honest, I've also got a few Celeste pizzas in that fridge.
I don't know, I-I guess I just figured you guys always have to work, or you're with your kids.
But sure, yeah, I could take you somewhere.
I'm going to San Francisco next week.
You guys want to come? San Francisco? That city from And the Band Played On and Milk? I'm in! Yeah, thanks, Quagmire.
Oh, wow, this'll be great.
Hey, can you make us X-Men? What a surprise.
Well, I'm off to San Francisco with the guys.
Okay, I'm off to Hilton Head with the girls.
- You what? - Peter, I told you about this a month ago.
I'm going with Bonnie and Donna to Donna's sister's time share.
Well, we can't both go on a trip at the same time.
I'm sorry, Peter, but I already have a taxi waiting.
(sighs) All right, I'll go tell the guys I'm not going.
Why is he taking his suitcase to tell the guys? You guys, come on, we got to go now.
Let's go, move it.
QUAGMIRE: I'm in the shower.
It doesn't matter, we're stealing Lois' cab.
Son of a Oh, and the idiot took my suitcase.
Aw, he was taking me with him.
(indistinct conversations) Ah, San Francisco.
Aah! San Francisco! So what are we gonna do first? I want to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
I want to see Lombard Street.
I want to see Ghirardelli Square.
Guys, guys.
Let's get lesbian haircuts and see 'em all.
Come to my window Oh Crawl inside Wait by the light of the moon Come to my window I'll be home soon I'll be home, I'll be home I'm coming home All right, the gay jokes are out of the way, now let's get down to business.
Okay, guys, this is the original Levi Jeans factory, created by Levi Strauss in the year 1853 so that gold miners could wear a comfortable yet durable fabric.
This is boring.
Well, then you plan the vacation! Aah! Peter, Peter, calm down, it-it's okay, we'll-we'll do whatever you want.
All right, if you promise.
I was thinkin' we could tuck our shirts into our pants, put on huge helmets, and ride Segways.
ALL: We're not from here! We're not from here! You guys, look.
It's Golden State Warriors star Steph Curry.
Oh, my God, Steph, I'm such a big fan.
Thanks.
It's nice to meet you.
Hey, I know we just met, but can I sit on your lap during your next post-game press conference? Sure, I don't see why not.
This is exciting for the whole Bay Area, to be just four games away from the championship Dad, I dooked.
That other team's not just gonna go away, though.
We've got to stay focused, keep doing what we've been doing.
Fat lady.
Dad, Dad, a fat lady.
Yeah, I-I see her, Peter.
Make her go.
That's not how we talk to people.
Make her go.
WOMAN: I'll leave.
Yay! I'm learning bad lessons.
Wow.
So that was San Francisco.
I didn't realize how hilly it was gonna be.
Thanks again for taking us, Quagmire.
Hey, no problem.
Hey, you know, we're here early.
You guys want a little tour of the plane? Yeah, that'd be great.
Normally I'd just go to Hudson News and pretend to be the most important guy there.
Can I help you? Yes, I will have eight Dasanis and a JD Power & Associates.
(cheering, whistling) Wow, this place is cool.
Yeah.
What do all these buttons do? Like, what's this red one? Oh, that's a voice filter, so the passengers always think the pilot is a 60-year-old Midwestern white man.
What? That's impossible.
Hi y'all, this is Cleveland.
AUTHORITATIVE VOICE: Good afternoon, folks, this is Captain Dale Clark up here in the flight deck.
We're way up in the air.
We've reached our cruising altitude of 37,000 feet.
Y'all get ready to watch Big Momma's House.
Our in-flight entertainment today will be Under the Tuscan Sun.
Ooh, I like that.
I hear it's good.
Hey, what's this button? "Autopilot"? Oh, that allows the plane to fly itself when I need a break.
W-What do you mean, "a break"? You don't have to fly the plane? Of course I do.
I just take a short break sometimes.
Short break? It looks like you had time to put together the 10,000-piece Lego Hogwarts.
You don't have to touch it, Joe, you can just say you noticed it.
And what's this booth over here? Oh, that's my back-in-time box.
I go inside, magically go back in time, and then come out and react to the fact that we're flying.
By God, we're levitating.
That's just a box full of costumes.
It's my back-in-time box! What the hell, Quagmire? So-so, basically, your job is just goofin' off.
That's not true.
I broke Gandalf in half.
It's Dumbledore! Screw you guys.
You know, being a pilot is hard work.
Look, I tried to be nice and take you fellas on a free trip, and all you can do is crap all over my job.
I was a Navy pilot, you jerks.
Get the hell out of my cockpit.
Joke's on him.
I farted just before he kicked us out.
QUAGMIRE: Ugh.
Oh, God! All right, let's see what's in the in-flight magazine.
Muscular old guy.
Already filled-in crossword puzzle.
Ooh, this is food for different routes I'm not on.
All right, time to use the potty.
Don't say "potty.
" You're an adult.
Okay, nobody move! Oh, my God, those guys in first class have guns.
Cleveland, just be happy with what you have.
Don't envy people.
No, Peter, we're being hijacked.
Close the cockpit door! (Eastern European accent): This plane now belongs to us.
You move, you're dead.
So nobody try to get smart.
Mm, page 100.
Mm.
Control tower, this is flight 364.
We have a hijacking in progress.
- Our flight has been - (static) Oh, damn it, they jammed the transmission.
I'm gonna have to go to the backup communication system.
Hello? Can you hear me? This is Flight 364.
We're being hijacked.
I can hear you Oh! This is your last chance.
Open the door, or your copilot gets it.
No.
I'm landing at the closest airfield, which is less than an hour away.
So just let him go, 'cause you're not getting control of this plane.
(grunts) QUAGMIRE: Aah! Jimmy! Oh, my God! Why are you doing this? America needs to be punished for supporting the other side of my country's civil war.
Which country? Do you really want to know, or are you just asking because we're gonna be on a plane for a while and you think you should make small talk? The second thing.
Open the door, or I'll start - executing passengers.
- (screaming) Man, coming on this trip was a terrible idea.
I know, now I wish I'd just stayed home and finished my remake of Inside Out.
I'm Joy.
I'm Sadness.
I'm Anger.
I'm Disgust.
I'm Poo.
(stomach growling) Ooh, I need to use the bathroom.
PETER (muffled): Yay! I win! We interrupt this program with a special report.
A flight from San Francisco to Quahog has lost contact with air traffic control.
Oh, my God, that's your father's flight.
Government officials are monitoring the situation closely.
I'll be here to update you as this story progresses.
Coming up on the midday news, a couple in their 30s gets married without their dog being in the wedding.
You're not gonna believe their story.
What's it gonna be? Are you going to open this door, or am I going to start killing people? QUAGMIRE: I'm not opening it.
Excuse me, I'd just like to ask the mom behind me who told me to stop watching Game of Thrones on my laptop if I'm still "the worst person on this plane.
" You, fat guy.
Get up here! Aah! (grunts) Last chance.
Open the door, or this idiot gets it.
Don't open it, Quagmire.
It's not worth it.
QUAGMIRE: Okay.
Wait wait, what? That-that was quick.
I'm sorry, Peter, but I have to think about the whole plane.
There's over 150 passengers back there, several of whom are in our Commander's Club, and to them I'd like to issue a special welcome.
Oh, man, we got to help Peter! Those crazy European guys are gonna kill him! You know, I have a gun in the bag I checked.
If we can get to the galley, we can take the elevator down to the cargo hold.
Good idea, Joe.
Oh, man, it feels like we're in one of those hijacking movies.
You're right, it does.
There's even an impatient businessman who really wants to reach his destination so he can conduct more business.
Can't you see how important I am? My shirt is blue, but the collar is white.
It's the same shirt! Quick, he's distracted.
(quietly): "Get off my plane.
" "Get off my plane.
" - What's that, now? - Hmm? Nothing.
"Always bet on black.
" "Always bet on black.
" - Did you say something? - I don't think so.
- "Double trouble!" - "Double trouble!" That's it.
We found it.
What the hell?! Hey! Two of the passengers are missing! Okay, you guys watch the main cabin.
I'll go find them.
I'll take this fat guy as a human shield.
Oh, nice.
Last guy picked for dodgeball, first guy for human shield.
- (indistinct chatter) - Everybody be quiet! There's another update! Good afternoon.
I'm Tom Tucker.
The search for a missing airliner continues, as speculation grows that the plane has been hijacked.
Oh, this is all so awful! What will our lives be like if our husbands don't make it? LOIS: Thank you for being a friend Travel down the road and back again Your heart is true You're a pal and a confidant Thank you for being a friend (song ends) Oh, my God! Now I want Dad to die! Hey, Joe, look at me.
Do I look like Mickey the Mouse? Get out of people's stuff! Ah, here's my bag.
(elevator whirring) Hey! What are you two doing down here? Oh, someone's shipping live lobsters.
Yum.
Prepare to die.
You first! That's what you think.
(beeping) Peter! Grab on to something! Uh-oh.
I grabbed my own belt.
(shouting) (grunting) (choking) (grunting) (shouts) (shouts) QUAGMIRE: Attention, passengers, I know we're being hijacked, but I would be remiss if I didn't point out that we're presently passing over Yosemite National Park.
Wow! That is truly awe-inspiring! It certainly is.
And you know what you don't see from up here? Borders.
(screaming) Die in hell, Eurotrash! Hang on, Peter! Holy crap, that was close.
Joe, how'd you know that lever would open the landing gear? Wheels are my expertise, Peter.
I notice every wheel in a room as soon as I enter.
Special delivery from the U.
S.
of A.
! (click) Aw, rats.
My bullets are in my shaving kit.
(screaming) (grunting) Get off my pl Double trouble! Sorry.
Come on, man! (cheering and applause) Oh, my God, you guys did it! We're saved! Yep, we wrapped this up quicker than the treaty signing at Appomattox.
So, if I sign this, the war is over, we surrender, and we still get to be dicks forever? (chuckling): Okay, you win.
You can all relax now, everybody! We're ten minutes away from landing at an airfield in Nevada.
Looks like you'll make that business meeting after all.
Great! Thanks for keeping us in the sky, boys.
(Eastern European accent): Now reach for it.
You're one of the hijackers, too?! Yes.
I was in reserve in case the plan went awry.
And now I can finally get into the cockpit and execute our plan: crashing this plane into the ultimate symbol of American materialism, Las Vegas.
You know, I've lost a ton in Vegas, but I never thought I'd lose my life there.
- Did you just think of that? - Yeah, just now.
You know, you are seriously funny, man.
I know I crap on you a lot, but sometimes, when I'm driving, I think about stuff you say and I laugh.
- Thank you, Peter.
- No, thank you.
Very good.
We are less than 20 minutes from Las Vegas.
Get ready to say good-bye to your precious Rita Rudner.
Is-is your plan just to kill Rita Rudner? No.
We're going to crash into the biggest hotel on the Strip! Killing Rita Rudner will just be the custard on the dumpling.
You know, we never quite nailed down what region you guys are from.
(news theme playing) Good afternoon.
I'm Tom Tucker with the latest on the hijacking crisis.
As you can see, I've taken off my blazer to show the severity of the situation.
We understand the plane has been found by satellite.
It's apparently veered off its flight plan and is headed for Las Vegas.
The government, fearing the worst, is considering shooting it down.
Now here's an over-the-top news graphic.
- (dramatic music playing) - (screaming) ANNOUNCER: Nightmare over Vegas.
(explosions) - (slot machine music, coins clinking) - Hijack Jackpot.
Oh, look, there's one guy who slept through this whole thing.
Hey, buddy, wake up.
We're all about to die.
What? What are you talking about? Yeah, I thought I should wake you up.
Nobody wants to die in their sleep.
Oh, my God! No! I have a family! There you go.
Only a few more minutes until your country pays for its imperialistic sins.
Us? What about you?! Like-like, how come you Eastern European guys can't be quieter in pornos? I mean, nobody's ever been like, "Yeah, yeah, more guy noises.
" They ask us to do that to cover up the sound of children playing nearby.
Now shut up and get ready to die.
So, uh, you ever been to Vegas before? No.
Well, I think you're gonna flip for it! (shouting) (grunts) Attention, passengers, the plane (groaning, moaning) Oh, come on! Doesn't anybody pay attention to the sign?! That was some quick thinking, Glenn.
And look! Even that plane with all the missiles is impressed.
Missiles? That's a military fighter jet! He's here to shoot us down! - Or "she.
" - What?! They must think the hijackers still control the plane! And our communications are jammed, so we can't even tell them everything's okay! Don't worry, I'll signal to 'em.
Hey! We knocked out all the bad guys! See? We don't need your help! We kicked their asses and we have their guns! I've got a visual on the terrorists.
They've got a hostage in a blue shirt with a white collar.
He must be an important businessman.
COMMANDER: Copy that.
Prepare to engage.
(whirring) Oh, good, he's movin' away.
No, he isn't.
He's g getting in position to fire! He thinks we're gonna crash into the Strip! Everybody in your seats! Frank Caliendo does a 5:00 show? Quagmire, land this plane! We've been hit! Oh, God, this is it! We're gonna die! Like hell we are! We're gonna make it.
We're going too fast! We're gonna crash into that lake! Oh, no, we're not! (screaming) QUAGMIRE: Oh, yeah, right there.
That's good.
And now to discharge the plane's fire retardant.
PETER/QUAGMIRE/JOE/CLEVELAND: Giggity.
(whirring) (indistinct radio transmission) Wow, Quagmire, thanks for saving all of our lives.
We're sorry for saying your job was easy.
Yeah, you're the best damn pilot in the world.
He's right.
What you did up there was amazing.
Thanks, guys, that means a lot.
Boy, that was quite a trip, wasn't it? Sure was.
And we learned a lot about blue jeans, - didn't we, guys? - Yes, yes, we did, yeah.
- That's right, Peter.
- Thank you for planning a wonderful day.
(whirring) - Cleveland! - Joe! Peter! Dad, I was really worried, so I pulled a record of your credit card purchases in San Francisco, and I saw some things I think you'd prefer to keep private.
We'll talk later, Chris.
I think we will.
I do believe we will.
Well, let's head home.
I know I, for one, am ready to put all this behind us.
Sounds good.
Oh, yeah, in case we didn't say, this was Spirit Airlines.

COMMENTATOR: Wide open in the end zone.
(crowd cheering on TV) ouchdown Patriots! Beautiful pass by Tom Brady.
Yeah, Brady! He's awesome.
I can't believe Gisele gets to sleep with him.
I wish I was a supermodel.
Hey, it's a commercial.
Jerome, switch over to the RedZone.
Screw that, I say we put on the BoneZone.
- What's that? - Oh, it's awesome.
They show every sex scene on TV without all the boring dialogue and plot.
(remote clicks) Okay, once again, nothing is happening on Homeland, but over on Masters of Sex, Lizzie Caplan is hooked up to electrodes and getting it from a guy who sounds American, but probably isn't.
Hey, we're gonna split the screens now because my producer is telling me on Game of Thrones we got a malnourished Albino plowing a girl in a tub as he names dragons.
Oh, there's a Bone Zone alert for Girls, which we'll ignore, 'cause it's Gabby Hoffmann Donald Ducking it.
Last time we went to that, we lost a lot of subscribers, and we're keeping an eye on The Knick.
We don't want to bring you dead boobs, but if they're alive, we'll get you over there.
(phone chirps) Ah, crap.
It's almost 3:00.
I got to get out of here.
For what? It's Sunday.
Eh, the airline's making us all attend a seminar about what do to if someone flies a drone into your flight path.
Yeah, I hear that kind of obnoxious behavior is very big right now in the dangerous idiot community.
Really? I didn't see that in the newsletter this month.
Just a big article about how to tailgate a speeding fire truck to get places faster.
(siren wailing) (laughs) Wait till they get to the golf course and find out there's no fire.
No, It's a serious problem.
Nowadays any moron could just order a drone online.
- Oh.
- There's no regulation.
- Oh! - And most of them have cameras so people can spy on whoever they want and invade their privacy.
(louder): Oh! Peter, are you ordering a drone right now? You bet your ass I am.
Owning a drone is gonna be a blast.
Even more fun than when I had breakfast in bread.
Hi, Lois.
It's a great morning, no matter how you slice it.
Yeah, I don't know what this is Peter, but we're four months behind on our mortgage.
Well, that's odd.
It's not like we're short on dough.
I'm taking the kids and I'm staying at my parents' for a while.
That's the yeast of my concerns.
Ah, Brian, you finally made it.
I'm having a tea party.
Sit down.
Yeah, you texted me, like, 80 times.
Look, Stewie, I don't have time to sip air and pretend to eat a wooden hamburger patty.
Yeah? Tell me why you don't have time.
All right, I have time.
And there's nothing pretend about this.
Real tea, real milk, and the best honey you'll ever taste in your whole life.
Wow, this is good.
Where'd you buy the honey? I didn't, I'm raising bees.
You're raising bees? Like-like a beekeeper? Yup, Mom missed soccer registration, so this is my weekends.
Mmm, I got to say, you're good at it.
You know, you could probably sell this stuff.
Really? You think it's that good? Yeah, plus it's local.
It's straight from the hive.
People at farmers' markets would go nuts for this.
You know, you could probably charge, like, $20, $30 a jar.
Oh, now I'm excited about this, Brian.
I feel like an eighth grader who just had sex.
So, you go all the way? Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna need some proof.
Hmm, how can I prove it? Maybe with Father O'Leary's briefs.
- Oh! - The king.
(crying): He said he loved me.
All right, time to take flight.
Drone of Arcadia.
Oh, Amber Tamblyn.
I love that show.
Now married to David Cross.
(drone powers up) Can I have a turn? I want a turn.
No.
Hey, does Cleveland have a bald spot? No.
Hey, what's this do? (airplane engine) (motor mower) (grunting) (splash) JOE: Check it out, here comes a hawk.
(hawk screeches) (wings flapping) Uh-oh.
What's happening? - (hawk screeching) - Ah, no! I don't think this is consensual! JOE: Look at that pervert squirrel just watching.
(crunch) (drone engine starting) Oh, crap, it's busted.
And I bet it's completely traumatized.
I wasn't traumatized actually.
It was planned.
Part of the games we play.
I've been a bad drone.
(knocking on door) Peter, you've been knocking a while.
I don't think anyone's in there.
Yeah, look at all this mail.
Maybe he's on vacation or something.
Oh, my God, he's dead! And his face and earlobes are missing.
(cat yowls, all scream) Oh, that's a relief.
It's just the cat that ate his face and ears off.
So, Brian, this is my hive.
Now, how many bees do you think are in here? I don't know, a-a million? No, it's 4,000.
Now that seems like nothing because of your idiot million guess.
All right, now, if you're going to sell honey at the farmers' market, you need to practice.
So you be the salesman, and I'll be the customer.
Ooh, what do we have here? Uh, honey.
Like the sign says.
I find your attitude cavalier.
May I speak to your manager? Stewie, come on.
I'm sorry, is there a problem here? I was just in the back and I heard a commotion.
- How do we have a back? - I simply came here to enquire about honey and your employee spoke to me loudly and with profanity.
Stewie, this is ridiculous.
Brian, please, I trust that this handsome young customer knows what he's talking about.
Oh, my, and I thought only bees pour on the honey.
I'm going inside.
So, are you from around here? No I'm just in town for the John Singer Sargent exhibit - at the museum.
- (gasps) Really? I've been looking for an excuse to go again.
Well, looks like I won't need that audio tour.
Great.
Give me one minute.
Let me text my fiancée.
Your what? - (phone beeps) - That was Bonnie.
She said they already sold the house behind us.
Poor Mr.
Seigel.
- (party music plays) - What the hell is that? MAN: Yeah, that party bus is awesome.
MAN 2: Yeah, let's go, let's go.
- Here we go, baby.
- Yeah! Oh, God, please don't let that be our new neighbors.
- What is it? - Some kind of crazy van with the number 87 on the side.
- (dreaming music) - 87? That's not a van, Lois, that's a party bus.
Rob Gronkowski's party bus! Who's that? Only the star tight end of the New England Patriots and America's most athletic Polish.
Did you guys see? Oh, my God, that was Rob Gronkowski.
(men continue cheering) (tyres skid) (all breathing heavily) (out of breath): Am I running? Is this what running is? I hate it.
(panting) What's up, butt munchers? That's us! He called us butt munchers! We're butt munchers! (all laughing and cheering) All right, time to Gronk a dump in my new house.
Oh.
My.
God! Our new neighbor is Gronk.
Hey, I'm your new mailman.
Former star of The Incredible Hulk, Lou Ferrigno.
On any other day that would be so exciting.
Please give me my mail and go.
What the hell are you doing? I wanted to bring over something to welcome Gronk to the neighborhood.
So I scraped all the cool ranch off of 15 bags of Doritos.
You're bringing him a bowl of powder? Yeah, I thought he could eat it by the fistful or rub it on his balls.
Peter, I don't know what you're so excited about.
Rob Gronkowski is probably the worst neighbor we could ask for.
You know he's gonna be partying day and night.
It's not like it's that tasty piece of ass, Julian Edelman.
Now there's a Patriot you can get excited about.
I know he's a wide receiver, but if he's giving, I'm taking.
(gruff voice): I'll take it all.
I'll take it wherever.
(fizzy drink shaking) Ah! (relieved sigh) Anyway, go suck up to your big dumb monster.
I'll be here hooking the "G" to thoughts of Edelman.
(can noise) (doorbell rings) So, what'd you get him, Cleveland? Oreo middles.
Whoa, four standing dogs? No, we're people, sir.
Um, Mr.
Gronk? I'm Peter Griffin.
I live in the house behind yours.
We wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood.
Awesome! (smashing noise) Ha-ha, he spiked it.
I was hoping he would do that.
My eyes! Hey, you guys seem great.
You want to come in and eat pizza standing up? - Uh, yeah.
- Cool.
You mind if I call you all Grover? I don't like learning names.
Yeah, sure, that'd be sweet.
Well, come on in, Grover.
(gasps) He knows my name! (indistinct conversations and music) Oh, my God, you guys, having Gronk here is gonna be the best.
Kind of like those years when it was just Marley and me.
Hey, my dog's chewing up that thing I need.
Hey, my dirty dog's jumping in the neighbor's pool.
Wait, Marley, don't shake your wet fur in the middle of this fancy party.
I'm gonna lay down these work blueprints on the floor and I sure hope you don't walk across them with muddy paws.
Marley! Aw, my nightmare dog is dead.
Marley and me.
(party sounds) Workout room, kegerator cellar, another workout room, and over here's a room that's just got a lit candle on a bale of hay.
I-Is that just 'cause of the danger? That's exactly why.
My dumb wife won't let me have a room like that.
Do you have a wife? (laughing) (chuckles nervously) What's going on? Let's go check out the hot tub.
Check it out, my hot tub is filled with coffee.
Grab a donut, go to town! Sponsored by Dunkin' Donuts.
And the pool is filled with my favorite food: soup with little shapes in it.
Sponsored by Campbell Soup.
Oh, alphabet soup is my favorite, too.
What's a "albaphet"? Nothing.
What you said is not anything.
And check out the shower! Ultra Sunrise Monster Energy Drink.
Sponsored by Monster Energy Drink.
Why do you keep saying what things are sponsored by? My manager said if I don't, I won't go to heaven.
Sponsored by SMS Audio Sweatproof Sport Headphones.
Well, you were right, the farmers' market is wonderful.
You've got your yoga pants moms, you got your mixed-race kids riding a pony, a confused Jerome What is this? A vegetable parking lot? Now, remember to tell customers that this honey is farm-to-table.
We're not a restaurant, that doesn't make any sense.
Doesn't have to.
Say anything-to-anything, people lose their minds.
Just so you know, this is all grass-to-bottle.
- Ooh! - I know, right? That'll be $68.
Is this a superfood? Total superfood.
Full of GMOs.
GMOs are bad.
No GMOs whatsoever.
Amazing.
Wow, this is great, we've only been here an hour and we're almost totally sold out.
Yes, I didn't see that coming.
Just like Dan Cortese didn't see the end of the '90s coming.
ALL: Three two one Happy New Year! (crackling) Dan Cortese was the only thing in the entire world affected by Y2K.
(party music playing) Grovers, you made it! Here, have a beer.
Thanks.
Hey, Gronk, you know, there's something I always wanted to ask you.
When you know you have single coverage, do you give a hand signal to Brady, or is it just eye contact? I don't know, want to see me dance? Well, no, I ask because sometimes you're being covered by a little guy, and then you and Brady'll look at each other and A-Am I am I supposed to touch you? What what am I what am I doing here? Oh, I'm sorry, bro.
What was the question? I ju I just want to know if you and Brady have, like, a Like, a secret hand signal or something.
Whoa, that is top secret, but lean in and I'll tell you.
(belches) How rude.
Hey, want to meet my family? These are my brothers.
Actually, one of them is my dad, I'm not sure which.
Probably the gray-haired one with the whiskey-face sunburn? Oh, it's an honor to meet you, sir.
You must be very proud.
Hell yeah.
I think every dad's dream is taking his son's sloppy seconds.
Is your mom here, too? They don't have a mom.
My ex-wife raised them, God bless her, but genetically, they're a product of me blammin' onto a side of beef.
All right, since we sold out so fast, we've got to make these bees more productive, get them to make more honey.
How are we gonna do that? Steroids, Brian.
This here is the same stuff that turned Barry Bonds' head into a prize-winning squash.
Okay.
Well, how much are we supposed to give them? Hmm.
It says this is enough for a horse, so, I don't know, how many bees is a horse? Well, you can't fit a horse in this box, so I'd just use the whole thing.
That makes sense.
Barry Bonds says that's too much steroids.
Time for bed, Barry.
(grunts) Turn down for what (distant): Turn down for what God, they're still going? Peter, this is exactly what I told you would happen! Not so much fun anymore, is it? (music stops, applause) Oh, thank God, maybe they're wrapping it up.
Noise Noise! Loud noise, noise And a Civil War cannon.
(cannon fires) Damn it, I can't take anymore! He is the worst neighbor ever.
You won't believe what he did yesterday.
GRONK: Hey, Grover, catch! (techno music playing) (cheering) (music stops) Uh, listen, Gronk, um, it's gettin' kind of late.
Don't you think maybe it's time to call it a night? Yeah, sure.
Hey, you ever seen a nard explode? A a what? A wha a nard? I don't Is that something on the Internet? Uh, 'cause I Ah, damn it, what the hell?! (laughter) MAN: Oh, nice shot there.
Come on, don't get mad, bro.
I was just kidding.
You were kidding?! What was the joke?! This was! Oh, damn it, you hit the seam! - MAN: Oh! - (laughter) Yeah.
You know what? You're a jerk, Gronk! That's it, I'm getting rid of that bastard.
Just like I helped kick the British out of America.
This tyranny shall not stand! For without liberty Ah, crap, he's even in the cutaways! (groaning) (breathing heavily): Just Just go to commercial.
I'm gonna squat here and hold onto this bench.
(party music playing) Peter, you got to figure something out.
They haven't stopped partying the whole night.
- MAN: Yeah! - MAN 2: Gronk! MAN 3: Party! MAN 4: I'm the dad! I'm sorry, you were right all along.
But don't worry, I'll take care of it.
Well, you better do something soon.
I can't live like this.
I know.
That guy's more annoying than going to an Italian restaurant with someone who's been to Italy.
They call this a trattoria? More like a ristorante to me.
Look at that fresco.
Supposed to be the hills of Elba? Not once you've seen 'em.
Are you ready to order? Si.
Let me handle this, Peter.
Two spaghettis and a chicken fingers.
God, look at all the honey the bees made! Those steroids were a great idea, Stewie.
Hey, look, that bee is trying to get our honey.
(chuckling): Okay, Mr.
Bee, we'll give you the employee discount.
After all, you - (yells) - Holy crap! That thing just lifted a whole jar of honey! Oh, God, do you think that's one of our steroid bees? (buzzing) Well, this one's wearing a hoodie as a shirt.
So, yeah, I think these are ours.
Stewie, I have a bad feeling abo Oh, God, it just ate the other bee! Okay, so a few of them had a bad reaction to - (buzzing) - Oh, crap.
(buzzing continues) Oh, my God.
Brian, run! (tires screeching) I think maybe giving those bees steroids was a bad idea.
- (splat) - (gasps) Turn on the wipers! (Brian and Stewie yelling) (muffled music playing) You sure this is gonna work, Peter? Absolutely.
Gronk went to the University of Arizona, and everyone who went to the University of Arizona believes leprechauns are real.
And since Cleveland already owns a green suit and a top hat This is my Easter clothes.
(doorbell rings) Whoa, a leprechaun! Say the thing.
(in Irish accent): Top of the morning to you, Mr.
Gronkowski.
Have you any interest in a pot of gold? All you have to do is move to Tallahassee! Wait a minute, this is just a disguise! Aah, son of a bitch! What's going on here? Are you guys trying to get rid of me? Yeah, we're tryin' to get rid of you! Why? 'Cause you're a pain in the ass to live next to! I mean, what the hell, Gronk? Why you got to be like this? You're a millionaire, you have the sweetest job in the world, you can do whatever you want.
Why you got to act like such an idiot all the time? It's not a choice, Grover.
But rather, an obligation.
You see, I've been groomed for this my entire life.
Scoring touchdowns, making people laugh, punishing my body, enduring the pain.
All in the name of entertainment.
Don't you understand? I'm a commodity, a product.
A modern day gladiator.
You ask about the whys and the wherefores behind the boorish facade? The answer is simple: I play the jester because society deems it necessary.
Also, I'm (bleep) insane! (laughing) Eat a butt, fatty! Gronk ain't going nowhere! Oh, that's it! (all grunting) Oh, cool, we're fighting? You guys mind if I eat while I beat you up? (grunting) (tires screeching) What the hell are we supposed to do? We're surrounded! Hang on, I got this.
"Meg, come outside.
We have Pinkberry.
" - (buzzing) - (Meg yelling) Ow! Ow, ow! Stop stop it! All right, they're distracted, let's go! Quick! We just have to get rid of the queen! She's in the hive! What's that gonna do? The bees instinctively stay with the queen, so if she's gone, they'll follow her! Okay, great, but how we gonna do it? (buzzing) (all straining) (grunting) You guys are bad fighters.
That's his third sub.
Ah, cool! Honey rain! Aah, oh, my God, is that a bee?! You have bees here? Uh, yeah, it's the world.
(buzzing) Holy crap! There's a ton of them! Dad, start up the party bus! We're moving! DAD GRONKOWSKI: Bees? Yeah, bees! And they're showing blitz! We got to leave on two! (buzzing) (party music playing) (tires screeching) You think their Wi-Fi is "Vag-Town"? Yeah, that's probably them.
Look at that, no password.
Oh, well, thank goodness we finally have our neighborhood back.
Yeah, now maybe Wilson can move back in and give me homespun wisdom over the fence.
Peter, that was Home Improvement.
It's exhausting that you never just go with something I say.
Coming up, yesterday's brisket.
(belches, blows) But first, breaking news: Rob Gronkowski has been suspended from the Patriots following a failed drug test that showed evidence of steroids in his system.
The star athlete claims he has no idea how the banned substance got into his body.
Oh, no way! That's terrible.
When pressed for further comment, Mr.
Gronkowski said simply, "Grover, go long.
" Uh-oh.
(crash) 

Hey, do you think homeless people ever have sex with each other? Probably.
But I don't want to think about it.
I know for a fact they do.
I spend most of my day breaking up - in-progress homeless sex.
- I bet it stink.
Oh, it stink all right.
So we talking group stuff or just one-on-one? Oh, anything goes.
Whatever you can fit under a tarp.
There's a major hot spot behind the Dumpster at The Cheesecake Factory.
Hey, what's up with the menus at The Cheesecake Factory? Why they got to be so big? Yeah, and why does their menu have ads? I go there for dinner, not to shop for appliances.
Hey, you know what, guys? This right here, this rambling, boring conversation containing already-made-before observations, this could be a podcast.
Ah.
That's actually not a bad idea.
Really? A podcast? Don't you have to be some sort of whiz kid to do those? Uh, definitely not anyone with a computer can make one.
Well, that's it We're "anyone.
" Let's do a podcast from right here in the booth.
Who's in? - Let's do it! - Yeah, sure.
Is it happening? Are we doing it now? Awesome! We haven't done anything as a group since we went birdwatching.
PETER (WHISPERING): Guys, look.
It's the yellow-headed puffin face.
OTHERS: Oh! Ooh! PETER: It's a solitary creature.
It's feathered crown is designed to scare away mates.
It's known to swell its face to assert dominance when threatened.
CLEVELAND: What does it eat, Peter? PETER: Gin and whatever's in the bowl at the airport bar.
I said, damn, what a wild couple of days.
Anyways, 'sup with you guys? Sorry, amigo, not interested.
(SNEEZES) This is what happens when you lick your spilled latte off the steering wheel.
She did that.
She's gross.
- Lois, are you okay? - Ugh.
Yeah.
It's just my allergies.
They've been awful.
(SNIFFS) I can't figure out what it is.
(SNEEZES) Maybe it's Brian.
He practically sleeps on top of you.
You could be allergic to him.
Hey, here's an idea, Chris why don't you mind your own business? You know, I did read that people could develop allergies to their pets.
Brian, maybe you shouldn't sleep in our bedroom - for a little while.
- What? Well, then where am I supposed to sleep? How about in your own apartment, like a grown-up? Do you have a problem with me, Chris? Why don't you sleep in Stewie's room? There's plenty of space.
Roomies? Dude! This'll be so ill! - Who are you? - I'll tell you who.
Your new roommate! (SNEEZES, GROANS) I'm gonna go take a shower so I can blow my nose into my hands.
(GRUNTS) Damn it! I hate this house.
- Morning, honey! - Go to hell! All right, you guys, podcast time.
We got the equipment and the perfect business plan give our show away for free, and tell no one how to find it.
Ready? Hey there, the Net, welcome to the first episode of Thanks for the Clamories.
I'm here with Glenn Quagmire, - Hi.
- Cleveland Brown - and - Hello.
(SIGHS) And Joe Swanson.
Yo-zah! All right, Quagmire, what do you got for us? Let's make a clam-ory.
Okay, this is yes or no.
Y-You ready, Peter? Yes or no.
French toast.
- Yes.
- French fries.
- Yes.
- French kissing.
I-I don't know.
These questions are weird.
Okay, okay, someone else.
Cleveland, yes or no.
- Velcro shoes.
- Hmm, Velcro shoes.
Woo-whee, this is a tough one.
I remember the first time I saw me a pair of 'cro's.
They were on the feet of Spunky Tesik.
Man, they was dandy Every time we played touch football, Spunky would step in a pile of dog poo.
You can wash a shoe, but you can't really wash a lace.
That's why Spunky made the change.
That's the thing about Velcro shoes.
Quiet going on, noisy coming off.
That rip! Spunky's mama thought he was an intruder.
Shot him right in the face.
Had an open casket at the funeral.
But only open on the middle part To this day, every time I see a pile of dog doo, I take a step in it just for Spunky.
So to answer the question, I'm gonna have to say both yes and no.
All right, that's all the time we got.
I'd like to thank our sponsor, the U.
S.
Postal Service.
When you want something expensive thrown on your porch and stolen, you want the U.
S.
Postal Service.
What the hell was that? I know! Cleveland, you ruined the whole podcast.
Yeah, if I wanted to hear a black guy ramble like a lunatic, - I'd watch Family Feud.
- Yeah, I mean, that was worse than an Italian guy describing someone's sexuality.
Anyway, my brother Louie, he's a he's a little off to the side, you know? Uh, foofy.
Uh, up to the knuckle.
He's a he's a backwards mechanic.
- Likes to play in the dirt.
- You mean gay? - (SCREAMS) - Mama! - (SOBBING) - Marone! Peter! Mama, Louie's not gay, he's he's creative.
Hey, Stewie, thanks for letting me stay in your room.
Oh, Brian, please It's our room now.
Hey, what are we gonna do tonight? Ooh, maybe we should watch that movie about Freud where Michael Fassbender repeatedly spanks Keira Knightley to orgasm? - You saw that movie? - I saw that scene.
(WHISTLES) So, I was thinking this could be your area.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
This is great.
And fair warning Some of the books are pop-up, - so don't be alarmed.
- Aah! Son of a bitch! Frickin' bird came out of nowhere! You know, I have a good feeling about this, Brian.
After all, you certainly can't be any worse than the last roommate I had.
- What the? - Please don't cry.
She's already very angry at me.
LOIS: Peter, where are you? You will wash your hands after you poop.
Shh, shh.
(WHISPERS): I won't.
You know, this is exciting.
Our second podcast.
All right, but listen up, Cleveland.
No more of your long stories, all right? Yeah, people aren't used to boring podcasts.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I suppose they ought to call me "Jelly," 'cause sometimes I get on a roll.
That.
That.
J N-None of that.
Welcome once again to Thanks for the Clamories.
Okay, common question that everybody thinks about.
How many fourth-graders you think you could take at once? - What? - I mean, obviously, if you had to fight against a million fourth-graders, you'd lose.
So, like, what's what's the real number? Like, what's the legitimate number of fourth-graders that you could successfully take on? Let's say a hundred.
That sounds reasonable.
Oh, no way.
A hundred and you're dead.
- Why are we fighting, now? - 'Cause they're idiots.
Did they say something about my mother? What? Yes.
Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll say yes.
- Oh, then a baker's dozen.
- What kind of weapons? Only what's available in the schoolyard.
You could really mess up some kids with a chain from a swing.
Just da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da! All right, tell you what I'd do, I'd back into a bathroom stall, and just start kickin'.
Dead! Dead! Dead! Keep comin'! Dead! Give 'em a narrow entry point, make 'em come in single file.
Dead! Dead! Anyway, I guess I'm trying to say 800 fourth-graders.
Why are we talking about killing kids? People are gonna hate this.
Peter, do something else, quick.
I'll-I'll uh, what if I play some kick-ass music? You've got to know when to hold 'em Kick-ass? This is not kick-ass.
Wait, hang on, hang on, I'll find something.
(TECHNO BEAT PLAYS ALONG WITH "THE GAMBLER") You're playing two songs at once.
- What even is this? - I-I don't know.
I'm just pressing buttons! I got to admit, it does have a groove.
Look! Those people are even dancing to it.
(WITH TECHNO BEAT): Every gambler knows That the secret to survivin' Aw, great! I accidentally started Chris's birth video.
LOIS (ON VIDEO): Ow! O-O-O-O-O-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Kill me! Hey, what's that song you're playing? I don't know, it's just random garbage from my computer.
Oh, you're a deejay! That's perfect! I own a nightclub for cocaine people and Armenians.
I need noise.
You available? - We're in! - Great! I'll see you guys Wednesday at 2:00 a.
m.
What the hell was that? We're supposed to be doing a podcast.
Peter, I don't know if you noticed, but the podcast was a disaster.
Yeah, and we were looking for something to do as a foursome.
But how can I be a deejay? I'm just a guy with a laptop and an inflated self-image.
Trust me, you're perfect.
All right, sounds good.
Let's do this.
Okay, but hold on.
I got four quarters on Golden Tee.
(GRUNTS) How am I doing? Good job, Joe! A hole in one! (QUIETLY): He just keeps switching clubs.
Kids, time for dinner.
Where's your father? I think he's getting ready for his deejay gig.
His what? (TECHNO BEAT PLAYING) Hmm.
Still a trace of melody.
I'll just add some power tools.
(TECHNO BEAT AND MECHANICAL WHIRRING, RATTLING) Yeah.
Yeah, I'd drink vodka and Gatorade to that.
Peter, since when are you a deejay? Since some guy came in the Clam and heard my awesome jams and beats.
Well, he's got the lingo down.
Thanks, Chris.
- Now, scream! - (SCREAMING) Hey, you are good at this, Dad.
Peter, knock it off.
You're a middle-aged man.
You can't be a deejay.
Why not? I could totally be a deejay.
For God's sake, John Travolta's a pilot.
TRAVOLTA (OVER SPEAKERS): This is your captain speaking.
We have reached our cruising altitude.
It is now safe to take off your wigs and be gay.
(DING) Well, what's all this? Oh, just some stuff I got out of my storage unit.
Check this out.
You'll love this.
Do I look like a Terminator dog? - No.
- Yeah, I do.
Look I even brought Tom Sizemore's Game of Life.
"Sell rights to Saving Private Ryan residuals to buy a case of Coors Light.
" "Steal your son's wallet while he's in the shower.
" "Miss audition.
" "Scoop someone's urine from Starbucks toilet to pass drug test.
" Feels like we should be moving these pieces backwards.
(TECHNO BEAT PLAYING) ANNOUNCER: Okay, let's make some noise for Deejay Peter and the Sound Slap! (CROWD CHEERING) (ELECTRONIC EXPLOSION) QUAGMIRE: Giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity! Give it to 'em.
PETER (OVER SPEAKERS): Shut up, Meg.
Sh-Sh-Shut up, Meg.
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh.
Butt scratcher! Butt scratcher! (INDISTINCT, RHYTHMIC SHOUTS) LOIS: Peter, Peter, Peter CLEVELAND: Roadhouse.
Roadhouse.
That's nasty.
That's nasty.
LOIS: What? Wha-Wha-Wha-What? This place is awesome! Totally! And did you see Tom Sizemore in the bathroom with a ladle? (TECHNO BEAT CONTINUES) You've been playing the exact same song for 14 hours.
That means you're great.
I was right about you, guy.
Weird you turned that into a compliment about yourself.
Well, I'm on cocaine.
My kid's baseball team came in second place.
I don't care about that.
But listen, there's a big music festival coming up.
You've got some mad deejay skills.
You could be our headliner.
Electric Clam Festival? Yeah, it's gonna be awesome.
- So what do you say? - Well, I don't know.
I-I should probably check with the guys and see what they What? You don't need the guys.
I didn't see their fingers press three buttons.
Huh.
I guess I do have a gift.
So are you in? Yeah, that'd be amazing.
Can I kiss you? - Excuse me? - I don't know.
Someone gave me a pill, and now all I want to do is feel your jacket.
(MOANING): Oh, yeah.
No, no, stay here.
Stay here.
That.
That.
That.
See, listen.
Right there.
You can't hear that on a CD.
Only the vinyl, man.
I'm glad we hung out after you struck out with my mom.
You know, I could've used some help folding these fitted sheets.
- Who's this turd? - Oh, this is Georgie.
Brian, I never said you could have guests.
Hey, don't touch that.
Okay, red flags flying.
Look, I need him out of here.
You can't kick him out.
He's my friend, and I live here, too.
Not anymore.
I want you out of my room.
Well, it's not your room anymore, it's our room.
Lois said so, and I'm not leaving.
I can't believe I ever wanted you here in the first place.
You're messy, you're loud, and thanks to you, we've got a recurring flea problem.
Hey, Bri.
You want to hang out? Go away, Flea.
You're not welcome here.
And put on a shirt.
You're 50.
Actually, 54.
(SCRATCHING) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Peter, I was plowing this college chick last night, and I saw this flyer on her mini fridge.
I thought we were all in this together.
Well, yeah.
That's the thing.
A guy on cocaine told me I'm the talent.
So what, you're just dropping us? Yeah, how could you just ditch us? All right, you know what? You guys were riding my coattails.
I carried you as long as I could, but Rob Kardashian's gonna be at this thing, so I got to be at my best.
Now, get out of here.
I got to practice.
Damn it, Peter.
That's too loud.
Turn it down.
That isn't loud.
This is.
It's not loud until you can feel your head bones.
If you can't hack it, take a hike.
Why's he being such a jerk? I don't know.
We've always had each other's backs, like when we used to rob banks in lesser-known presidents masks.
PETER: All right.
Remember to tell everyone who did this.
Um.
Who are you guys supposed to be? PETER (SCOFFS): Oh, come on.
I'm James K.
Polk.
He's Millard Fillmore.
He's William Henry Harrison.
JOE: First president to die in office.
You should've been FDR.
Why? 'Cause of the you know.
The wheelchair doesn't define me! CLEVELAND: And I'm Grover Cleveland.
It's funny, 'cause my name's Cleveland.
PETER: Aw, damn it, Cleveland.
Now we got to kill them all.
(COCKS GUN) This guy gets it first.
(ALARM RINGING) Ugh.
Didn't you hear the alarm? Peter, wake up.
We're gonna be late for church.
Are you even listening to me? You've got to stop coming home so late if you can't get up in the morning, and (SPEAKING, NO SOUND) (HEART BEATING) (SILENCE CONTINUES EXCEP FOR HEART BEATING) Oh, God.
I can't hear Garfield.
I've gone deaf.
All right, now how long has your husband smelled like this? Oh, no.
That's just from riding here in a hot car, but Dr.
Hartman, what about his hearing? Hearing? This is a hospital, I'm not a lawyer.
Oh, for God's sake, is my husband deaf? Well, there's only one way to find out definitively.
Hey stupid deaf guy! Well, I've gotten the results back.
He's deaf.
This is horrible.
This must be because of all that loud, blaring music he's been playing in those nightclubs.
What's going on? Can he fix it in time for me to deejay at the music festival? - No.
- What? - No! - What? Are you sure? - Yes.
- What? (LAUGHING): Have a good life.
Hey, guys, I don't know if you've heard, but I've gone deaf.
- You what? - What? Oh, you're ear crippled? I can't hear you, Joe.
Here's a bag of Alpha-Bits.
Please spell out what you're saying.
Oh, there's no "L" s.
By the way, I ate all the "L" s.
They're delicious.
- They're my favorite ones.
- What are you talking about? - They all taste the same.
- What? Why don't you just text it to him? You know, that's a good idea.
What the hell do you want? You told us you were a big shot deejay and didn't want anything to do with us.
(PHONE CHIMES) I don't think he can hear it.
Oh, son of a bitch.
Look at your phone.
Oh, what do I want? Um, the Electric Clam Festival's coming up, and I need your help.
Now that I'm deaf, I can't do it without you guys.
Forget it.
You told us to go to hell.
Well, now you can go to hell.
Oh, great.
Thanks.
I knew I could count on you guys.
- But we said no.
- What? One, two, thr ah, crap.
One, two come on.
All right.
This time for the world record.
Eww.
What the hell is that? It's a ferret.
Look at it, Brian.
It's like a long rat.
Like a living tail.
Look at its feet.
Eww.
They're gross.
Why'd you get a ferret? All the worst roommates have ferrets.
You want to pet it? It bites.
I can't sleep with that monster in here.
That's the idea.
I want you out.
This room belongs to me and the ferret now.
Why you being such a dick about this? Because.
You're a pain in the ass to live with.
What did you just do? I just pushed a little bitch baby.
(YELLING) (BOTH GRUNTING) Oh, Brian, there you are.
I wanted to tell you that you can come back and sleep in our room.
What? I can? Yeah.
Turns out it was Peter who was causing my allergies.
He stuffed all our pillows with hay because he thought it looked comfortable in cartoons.
Wow.
Then, I guess I'm moving out.
I guess you are.
(SIGHS) Look, Stewie, I-I I probably got a little carried away.
I'm sorry I wasn't the best roommate.
Hey, Brian.
You know, maybe I wasn't such a great guy, either.
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's okay.
You know, even if we were bad roommates, we'll always be good friends.
I hope you and your ferret are happy in here together.
Well, now that you're moving out, I'll probably just drown it in the tub.
(SCREAMS) Brian! Brian! Ah! It bit my nose.
He's latching on.
Stop moving.
I almost got him.
Fill the tub, fill the tub! Hey, Stella, can I ask you something? When you went deaf, did your other senses get better? No.
That's a common myth.
Chances are you'll be hit by a bus in the first three months.
What? Uh, damn it.
Being deaf sucks.
I'd rather be stuck on a Disney cruise.
Ho-ho, ho-ho.
Don't eat the shrimp.
Ho-ho.
(SIGHS) You know, the worst part of all of this is I lost my friends.
I was a complete jerk to them.
I don't blame them for not wanting to help me.
What? QUAGMIRE: We heard you, Peter.
Hey, Peter! We're over here.
You got to throw something at him.
Ow.
Damn it.
What are you guys doing here? (CHEERING) All right, Peter, it's all cued up.
Just push this button.
Okay.
Here we go.
No, Peter.
Not that one.
NARRATOR (OVER COMPUTER): Audible dot com presents, "Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea," as read by Chelsea Handler.
Peter, that's the wrong track.
Yeah, pretty good stuff, huh? CHELSEA HANDLER: Chapter one.
Stuff I can fit in my lady place.
Up first, Eiffel Tower Lego sculpture Yep.
Peter, we got to stop this.
CHELSEA HANDLER: Soup thermos Yep.
It's locked.
Yeah.
Awesome, huh? Wait.
How come everyone's leaving? CHELSEA HANDLER: Brother brand, all-in-one fax, scanner, color copier with phone attachment (GROANING): Yep.
Well, bad news.
'Cause of that audiobook fiasco I got fired from the club.
Hey, what's with your voice? Did you get your hearing back? Oh, yeah.
Turns out it wasn't the loud music at the clubs that made me go deaf.
It was the fistfuls of Oxycontin.
Well, that stinks about your deejay job.
Sorry it didn't work out for you.
That's okay.
I just appreciate that you guys were there for me and tried to help me out.
Especially after I'd been such a jerk to you.
Well, it's good to have you back to normal, Peter.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm up on Big Buck Hunter.
I get 'em? Oh, yeah.
You got them all, Joe.
We didn't even put quarters in the game.
He don't know.

(INDISTINCT CHATTER) Ugh.
This is gonna suck.
80% of these acts are either air guitar or girls dancing to songs from Frozen.
Yeah, back in my day you had to be a triple threat to even get on that stage.
You were a triple threat? I sure was.
I could sing, dance, and guess the weight of any baby that was tossed to me.
I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy Eight pounds! Yankee Doodle do or die 12-nine! A big one! A real live nephew of my Uncle Sam Born on the Fourth of July Three pounds? Someone couldn't wait to be here.
(SONG ENDS) Did that really happen? Nah, I just lip-synced "Born to Run.
" The show is about to start.
I-Is Daddy still parking the car? Yes.
Everything takes him longer these days.
His cataracts are getting worse.
Hey, Lois, look over there It's Jessica Chastain.
Oh, Daddy, that's Bryce Dallas Howard.
You're blind as a bat.
Okay, for the first of our 65 performances tonight - WOMAN: You got to be kidding! - MAN: Son of a bitch! I agree.
Now please welcome Meg Griffin and Ruth Cochammer.
No laughing.
RUTH: It's "Coke-a-mer"! Not in the boys' room it isn't.
(INTRO TO "NUTHIN' BU A 'G' THANG" PLAYING) One, two, three and to the four Meg Meggy Meg and Dr.
Ruth is at the door Wake up, people, Monsanto is poisoning the world with frankenfoods, and we're letting it happen.
Monsanto equals murder! - Monsanto equals murder! - That's enough.
I am so sick of this being used as a platform to attack genetically modified foods.
You can't silence the truth! What, what? It's over, Patty.
PETER: Hi, Patty.
I like Patty.
Okay, up next, here's Evelyn Fong, our 11-year-old high school junior.
(APPLAUSE) (PLAYING BEAUTIFUL, LILTING MELODY) (MELODY ENDS) Oh, my God.
What is that? It's it's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.
It's a violin, Peter.
And now, two football players are going to do something that only makes sense to the rest of the football team.
Coach, the bus is here.
This is an away game? - (LAUGHTER) - It's true! Remember that happened? (CHUCKLES) Those are the kids I bought beer for.
- I got to take a leak.
- Daddy, you can't see.
Let me help you to the bathroom.
I can see fine.
All right, there's only so many seats on the bus.
One of you will have to sit next to me.
I will, Coach.
(FOOTBALL PLAYERS LAUGHING) PLAYER: Oh! He talked on the whole bus ride! (PLAYER LAUGHING) (URINATING) How are you, gentlemen Dude! What the hell? Whoa! With cataracts like those, someone needs a big pair of glasses.
Hey! Jessica Chastain! I'm glad you finally agreed to have the cataract surgery, Daddy.
I wish I hadn't! I can't see anything now! This is terrible! Well, tha-that's why the whole family came to support you.
Oh, really? Oh, wow, that's so kind.
Who's here? Oh, uh, well, as you know, I'm here.
- Who else? - Uh, Stewie and Brian.
Hey, hope you feel better soon.
That doesn't sound like the whole family.
(LIKE PETER): Hey, hope those eyes get better soon, Pop.
It's me, Peter.
Shipoopi.
Oh, thanks for coming, Peter.
(LIKE CHRIS): I-I'm here, too, Grandpa.
And, uh, and Meg went down to-to put money in the meter.
Aw, I don't care.
Now, Mr.
Pewterschmidt, your vision will be impaired for a few weeks while you recover.
I recommend you and your wife have someone around to help you during this time.
Well, I'd love to help you, Daddy, but Stewie's just been so fussy lately.
He's constantly crying for no reason.
What are you talking about? I'm fine.
Ow! Bitch! She does this a lot! You know, maybe Brian could help you.
He could be your service dog.
(QUIETLY): Come on, Lois, I don't want to do that.
Your father and I have nothing in common.
Brian, please.
If you do this for me, you'll be a hero just like King Arthur when he pulled the sword from the stone.
(SUSTAINED FARTING) (CONTINUES FARTING) Oh yeah! Whew! Oh, God, this is embarrassing.
(CONTINUES FARTING) I'm so sorry.
It's been, like, 500 years.
Aw, this is your big moment and I'm ruining it.
(PLAYING BADLY) Peter, what the hell are you doing? I'm learning violin.
It's kind of like my new hobby.
Well, if we're talking about new hobbies What is this? It's a Mason jar filled with layered sand.
You can put it in your bathroom or anywhere you want to feel peaceful.
Now it's nothing.
I always liked the violin, 'cause it kind of has curves like a lady.
Hey, you know what? Maybe you guys can learn an instrument, too, and then we could all play together.
Really? That sounds like a lot of work.
Yeah, no offense, muchacho, but I don't know if I have time for that, muchacho.
Yeah, you're doing "muchacho" wrong.
Come on, guys, it could be cool.
I did play the oboe in high school, and the girls wouldn't leave me alone.
Girls do like guys in a band.
I'm in.
Giggity.
(CHUCKLES): Oh, Quagmire, you are so predictable.
And that's why I love you, muchacho.
See? That's how you do "muchacho.
" And, you know, there's four of us We could be a string quartet.
All right, I'll do it.
But first you guys got to do one thing for me.
Sure, Joe.
What is it? I want you to put me in the booth.
I want to feel like a person for a second.
Aw, yeah, sure, no problem.
All right, Quagmire, you do upper, I'll do lower? Sure.
Let's do it! (STRAINED GRUNTING) Wow.
Thanks, guys.
Uh-oh.
(THUD) Hey, guys, guys, put him back up.
I just thought of something.
(LOWERING PITCH) (THUD) (GIGGLES) This is gonna be a blast.
Mr.
Pewterschmidt, your service dog has arrived.
- Hey, Carter.
- Brian! Y-You have a butler? Then why am I here? - Why can't he help you? - What? That's stupid.
Who would announce him? See, this right here, this is the one-percenter crap I can't stand.
Yes, it is.
Now, sit your 99-percenter ass down and read me the comics.
(GROANS) Okay.
The Wizard of Id is addressing his subjects.
- Is he up on that balcony? - Yes.
Ha-ha! Then it's a good one.
(PETER PLAYING OUT OF TUNE) Okay, hang on, hang on, hang on.
Peter, what note are you playing? I-I'm sorry, I'm not familiar.
Note? Haven't you been practicing? All right, fine, I haven't.
But I've been doing other violin stuff.
Like I bought this jacket like what Bugs Bunny wears when he's with that opera guy.
Wow, that looks sharp.
Yeah, I've been practicing how to sit down in it.
Ew, Peter, those tails are soaking wet.
They may have been in the toilet.
Brian! Get in here! Wh-What's up? What do you need? I'm done with my bath.
Put on this lady wig - and help me out of the tub.
- What? Why do I have to wear a wig? Otherwise it's weird.
Thank you, Penelope.
Hey, it's 4:30 time for dinner.
But first, grab that Gold Bond and powder my speed bag.
Ah.
There's the tingle.
Wow, so you can just bypass all that gridlock? Having a helicopter's amazing! And that's not all I also use it to throw boxes of frogs down on that church.
(LAUGHS): They go bananas! Boy, I could really get used to this rich guy stuff.
Funny, funny, funny what money can do Them that have it Get more of it Less they need it The more they love it And it sticks to them Like glue Funny, funny, funny what money can do Ask the rich man He'll confess Money can't buy Happiness Ask the poor man He don't doubt But he'd rather be miserable with than without If you spend it Please be wiser If you save it You're a miser You don't want it You're cuckoo Funny, funny, funny what money can do You guys, I got great news! Some skank I used to bang is getting married, and they need someone to play at the ceremony.
- We got our first gig! - Wow, a wedding that's awesome! All right, then we should probably practice our piece.
(PLAYING "WEDDING MARCH" WITH PETER OUT OF TUNE) Wait, hold on, hold on.
Peter, uh, that's terrible.
You sounded like you were strangling a cat.
Well, I was that's how I got revved up to perform.
No, just now.
Look, it's clear that you still haven't practiced at all.
Yeah, this was your idea in the first place, but you're the only one who's done no work.
No work? I stared in a mirror for hours playing air violin to the song "Bittersweet Symphony.
" Peter, you're out of the group.
What?! Well, fine.
Screw you guys! (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) Wow, he seemed pretty angry.
Yeah, I haven't seen him this upset since he got caught using that fake ID.
Can I see your ID, please? Give me one second.
Uh, sir, that lady who came in and ate all the pies is back.
Okay, let's see how those eyes are doing.
See if you can tell me where Waldo is.
He's right there buying an ice cream cone.
Damn it! I've been stuck on that page for two days.
Oh, and your eyes are fine.
Hey, that's terrific, Carter! Seems like it's time to go home and pour some of that Scotch of yours to celebrate.
That sounds like a great idea.
See you later.
Wait, wait, wait.
What are you talking about? I meant, like like, both of us.
Didn't you hear him? I'm all healed.
I don't need a service dog anymore.
What are you saying? I'm saying I'm done with you.
Now, before I go, I'm just gonna old-man drink this glass of water.
(SIGHS) (SIGHS) (SIGHS) Now, to take an old man pee.
(DOOR OPENS) Ow.
Ow.
(SHORT SPLASHES) Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
(SHORT SPLASHES CONTINUE) Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
(SHORT SPLASH) Ow.
Oh, Brian, just in time for dinner.
We're having sloppy Joes.
Eh, what else you got? How about a knuckle sandwich? If Peter said that, you all would've lost your minds laughing.
It's just that at Carter's house, if you don't want something heavy, Étienne will whip you up an egg dish with some shallots and chanterelles or whatever's fresh.
Yeah, I know all about Étienne.
He climbed into my bed when I was 11.
I'm sure this is a step down for you, Bri, but now you're back in the real world where our poop stinks, and we all eat garbage.
Yeah, I guess I got used to being a little pampered over at Carter's.
Well, I'd be careful with your uptown ways.
Some of the other kids don't like it.
(LOUD MUNCHING) (SNORTING) He thinks he's better than us.
What time you going to bed, fancy boy? I don't know.
9:00? 9:00, Chris.
Look, it's not even about the stuff.
Carter and I became friends.
Wait a minute! Of course! Whatever you're going to say next, I bet it's wrong.
I offended Carter by offering to work for him.
I mean, once it became a friendship, he didn't want me working for him.
He wanted a pal.
Brian, you're not kidding anyone.
We all know you don't care about Carter.
You only care about his money.
No, no, no.
He knows I'm his friend.
Yeah, right.
That's what Woody thought about Buzz Lightyear.
(GASPS) Bo Peep! What-what's going on here? Um you've got a friend in me? What are you doing here? I-I thought you were rehearsing with the guys.
Ah, the bastards kicked me out 'cause I'm not good enough.
Oh, and they also taught me that if your hand is bigger than your face, you have cancer, so maybe you should, uh, you know, do the test.
I had cancer, Peter.
Remember? I was in the hospital? You weren't there for it.
Well, maybe you have it again.
Peter, I'm not falling for your trick, but if you're upset about the guys kicking you out of the group, you can't really blame them.
The violin takes discipline and dedication.
You never even practiced.
They probably thought you were just wasting their time.
Maybe you're right.
I guess guess I could've been a little more serious about it.
Well, it's not too late.
Maybe you could find a teacher who could help you learn, and if you work at it and get a little better, they'll see you care about them.
You know what? That's a great idea! I'll take some lessons.
I'm gonna work really hard just like my deodorant.
How does a guy like me stay fresh I use Fat Guys Deodorant.
Whether you're sitting, leaning, lying down or sitting, Fat Guys keeps ya dry.
Apply every five minutes, and you're good for five minutes.
And now for the confusing commercial backstory.
Ready for the fund-raiser, Dad? Yeah, be right there, buddy.
We're going to a fund-raiser, and we share a bedroom.
Mr.
Pewterschmidt, you have a visitor.
Hey, buddy, looking good! So, what are we drinking? Or better yet, why aren't we drinking? Get the hell out of here! I told you I'm done with you! And besides, I'm off to the spa down at the club.
How's the temp? Good and hot? Oh, yeah, that's the stuff.
Hey, did you also not wash your ass before getting in? Yeah, (BLEEP) that sign.
- There you go, Mr.
Glenn.
- Thanks.
Hey, can I get a couple of extras of these plastic bags? Let me just test this out quickly.
(INHALES DEEPLY) Yeah, that works.
Okay, now you go.
I have to get back to teaching violin lesson.
(PLAYING SCALES) Those scales sound terrible! You fat and lazy! You leave now! No, please! I got to get better so I can be as good as my friends.
I really let 'em down.
You fingers no bleeding.
You no try hard enough! You want me press iron on your back again? I'm trying! I'm trying! Try harder! Play better! (CRYING, PLAYING FASTER AND BETTER) (SCREAMING) Is somebody making a Cuban sandwich? Lousy no-good rotten frassum-rassum (MUTTERING GIBBERISH) Brian, what's up? Why are you engaging in cartoon profanity? Carter wants nothing to do with me.
- I'm just so mad.
- Don't you mean sad? You know, about the friendship? Oh, no, of course, you mean mad about the money.
All right, fine, it was about the money.
- I miss the money.
- Yes, I know.
I saw all your Instagrams on his helicopter like it was your helicopter.
I never said it was my helicopter.
Yeah, never said it wasn't.
The implication was that it was a regular part of your life.
Anyway, I know this makes me sound awful, but I almost wish Carter was still blind so he'd still need me.
Yeah, but he's not.
But he could be.
But he isn't.
But he should be.
Oh, no.
Come on, it'd be temporary, just until he realizes I'm a great hang.
But you're not, so I don't want any part of this.
Okay.
I get it.
I get it.
Nah, you-you wouldn't want to help me.
What was I thinking? He he's your grandfather.
Even though he did say that thing about you.
What? What did he say about me? Oh, I I'm sorry.
I thought I told you.
Um, he said you couldn't cut it as a member of One Direction.
What?! But they have an opening! Zayn is gone! He does know Zayn is gone, right? Oh, he definitely knows.
Yeah, he-he thinks you could be in O-Town, but not One Direction.
Okay, I'm pretty sure you're manipulating me, but let's go blind that old bastard.
Listen, Peter, we know you've been working hard on the violin, but more importantly, you're our pal, and we'd like you to be back in the group.
Really? What if I'm not good enough? Well, that's the thing.
We decided we'd rather be lousy with you than great without you.
Joe, no offense, but I'd prefer to hear it from someone else.
- That's fair.
- So, what do you say, Peter? Will you come and play the wedding with us? Oh, you bet I will! Oh, thanks! You guys won't regret this, and don't you worry.
I'll be ready, unlike Lois getting dressed for a night out.
(GROANING) Tell them the truth! It's me.
It's me.
I'm the one who takes too long to get ready.
It's 'cause I don't have any nice clothes.
Peter! All right.
It's 'cause I don't like the way I look.
(WATER RUNNING) Okay, Brian, Carter's in the shower.
As soon as he comes out, we spray this right in his eyes.
What'd you put in there again? Oh, it's just tap water from Flint, Michigan.
And that's how the penis song goes.
Aah! Son of a bitch! My eyes! (QUIETLY): You're up.
Carter, what happened? You look like you could use some help.
Aah! My face! Aah! (GROANING) Oh, my God! What did I let money do to me? Who did this? Who are you? Carter, it's me, Brian.
I did this, and it's made me realize that I was blinded by luxury and comfort, but now I see that none of that matters if I don't Brian, Brian, hold on.
Looks like we've learned a lot, and my face is better.
(CROWD CHATTER, CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING) God, I'm so nervous.
You sure you guys want me to play with you? Yes, Peter.
You play away.
We're a quartet.
Just do the best you can.
You may kiss the bride.
(PLAYING "WEDDING MARCH") (PLAYING A BEAUTIFUL SOLO) (APPLAUSE) Peter, that was amazing! I know.
Those lessons really paid off! I'll say! The way you play, we'll have more gigs than we can handle.
Not a chance.
Mr.
Washy Washy took all the joy out of this.
I hate the violin.
I hate music.
I hate life, and I'm never doing this again! All right, guys, let's go drink a bunch of free booze and be a huge presence in the wedding photos.
Oh, what a night Late December back in '63 What a very special time for me As I remember, what a night Oh, what a night 

I got to say, some days I wish I didn't have a sister.
Oh - What? - Nothing.
Oh, I thought you asked me what was going on with my sister.
I did not.
Hey, look.
Tom Tucker.
Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Coming up, tonight's second story.
But first, Quahog says good-bye to an old friend.
That's right, Tom.
Medieval Castle, which has been a staple of family entertainment and dining, is closing its doors.
The restaurant has gone into foreclosure, and will be up for auction tomorrow.
Yes, hard to believe a place where you eat with your hands next to piles of horse dung while untrained theater students fight with real swords could be drowning in lawsuits.
Medieval Castle? I love that place.
My sister almost got a job there once.
Guys, we should go to that auction tomorrow and buy it.
I mean, can you imagine if we had our own medieval castle? I bet it'd be even more fun than when I went to White Castle.
Huh.
Name's a little deceiving.
(GROANING) What's wrong with you? Oh, it's my back.
It's killing me.
Yeah, I'm not falling for that hot-oil massage bit again.
No, this time it's not a bit.
I'm really hurt.
I must have jacked it up playing sports and not trying to dance like Beyoncé.
Wow.
If you're in that much pain, I better tell Lois.
(SCOFFS): Please don't.
Then she'll drive me to the doctor, and I hate being in the car with her.
("EVERY MORNING" PLAYING) BOTH: Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Shut the door, baby, don't say a word Okay, I guess that's not my part.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER) There it is, guys.
Aw, this is gonna be awesome! We just got to win this auction, and then we'll have our own castle.
Oh, yeah? Over my dead tooth! Good afternoon, and welcome to today's auction.
I'm Al Harrington, of Al Harrington's Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubeman Warehouse and Emporium.
Due to the presence of black mold, discarded half-eaten turkey legs, and an undulating rat king that no one dares approach, I have been advised to move these proceedings along as quickly as possible.
Do I hear an opening bid? Anyone.
Do I hear an opening bid for this majestic fiberglass castle facade, masking what was once a Midas Muffler shop? Two bits.
Two bits.
That's 25 cents in the Old West.
We have 25 cents.
Do I hear higher than 25 cents? This paper bag, which could be full of money or my socks.
You take the chance.
We have an intriguing mystery bag.
Do I hear more than the mystery bag? Two bits and a cardboard box, which may or may not contain a mystery bag.
Already the most challenging auction I have ever been a part of.
Do I hear a higher bid from that James Bond villain over there? 50 kroner.
Which, converted to American currency, is $7.
40.
Do I hear a much higher bid, followed by shocked murmuring? $10,000! (ALL GASP) - I'm shocked.
- That's shocking.
We're all shocked.
We can't afford that.
Peter, do something.
I can't.
There's only $9,000 in the mystery bag.
Due to my 12:00 noon court appointment as part of a crippling child-custody battle with my horrific ex-wife, I am saying going once, going twice, and awarding this condemned building to you! (APPLAUSE) Damn, it, we lost! I guess the castle was a crazy idea anyway.
I should probably just invest this money in a 401-Gay.
And how long before I can take this out? Man, those losers don't deserve that castle.
I would call my sister about this if she were able to answer the phone.
Poor thing.
Poor, poor thing.
Well, you know, in castle times, if you wanted something, you just took it.
What are you talking about? I'm saying the four of us should storm that castle and take it for ourselves.
Should we do it with careful planning, or have another couple beers and then just go for it? Well, let's make that decision after another couple beers.
I checked with my mom, and she said it was cool with her if we wanted to sleep here tonight.
- I'm pretty sure I can.
- Count me in.
I'm gonna have to go home and get my pillow.
(ALL SHOUTING) Yes, you heard me right, cancel my insurance.
I've been in this location for 40 years, and never once have I broken a lamp.
Good day, sir.
God, I hope he's got insurance.
Of course he's got insurance.
He's been at this location for 40 years.
Yes, you heard me right.
Cancel my husband's life insurance.
He's been in perfect health for 40 years.
We're selling the lamp store and going to travel.
We need this after losing both our children.
Good day, sir.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING) All right, plan "B.
" We'll shoot flaming arrows, like in Robin Hood.
So should I be aiming for an open window, or just arcing it over the wall? I don't know, I've never seen the movie, just the Bryan Adams video.
Oh, such a good song.
Archers Yeah? Oh, yeah, he's that guy, too.
Prepare to fire.
(SIRENS BLARING) I wonder what they're gonna put here.
Trader Joe's? Oh, I would love a Trader Joe's! Sorry to keep you, I was reading this Highlights magazine in the waiting room.
Do you see any differences between these two pictures? Oh, the pie has a wedge removed.
Yes, yes.
Dr.
Hartman, were you able to tell anything from Stewie's X rays? Oh, yeah.
Little guy's got scoliosis.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, am I gonna be a big-shoe, small-shoe guy? But don't worry, he'll be fine.
He just needs to wear this brace for a while - to correct it.
- Oh, dear.
Now, does he have any school pictures coming up? Yeah, he actually does.
Well, then, this will not be a "refrigerator door" year.
All right, this says if we don't get arrested for the next six months, the arson and mayhem charges will be dropped.
Hey, sorry again, you guys.
Ah, no harm done.
Yeah, no hard feelings, fellas.
I've already forgotten about it.
I'm too busy thinking about my hot date tonight.
Yeah, right.
"Hot date.
" With your left hand or your right hand? Actually, I use both and do, like, an Indian burn.
But that's not what this is.
Tonight I'm getting lucky.
Hi, are you Mort? Why, yes, I am.
What the hell was that? Mort's getting laid? Yeah, thanks to Tinder, he's had a different girl every night this week.
What's "Tinder"? It's an app for your phone where two strangers can hook up for a dirty liaison.
- What, like hookers? - Nope.
Just two horny people with phones.
Wait, I don't get it.
So you hit 'em on the head with your phone and knock 'em out? No, you just swipe someone's picture, they come over, and you plow 'em.
Wow! I gotta try this.
I mean, easy sex on the Internet? Did you know about this, Scott Baio? Uh, yeah.
And you, Scott Caan? Did you also know about easy sex on the Internet? Yes.
And how about you, douche bag music producer Scott Storch? Quagmire, all the Scotts know about it.
Okay, let's get me set up on this Tinder thing.
I can't wait to start getting laid at the push of a button.
Well, first you got to set up your profile.
Oh, yeah, I've been working on that.
I wrote several long paragraphs describing my interests, some pet peeves, choice of wine, a couple of inspirational quotes, things I've learned from my cats No, no, no, no.
None of that.
You want a naked bathroom selfie covering your stuff with a fistful of $100 bills.
That shows you like sex, and you got mon-ay! Well, that seems a bit crude.
- (PHONE CHIMES) - Oh, she's cute.
And wearing a yin-yang necklace.
That's interesting.
I wonder what beach that is.
No, no, no.
Give me that.
Here, you see this? You see what I'm doing? Not even looking.
I'm swiping "yes.
" Yes, yes, yes.
Casting a wide net.
- (PHONE CHIMES) - Heh, look at this.
You already got a hit.
And she sent a message.
She did? What am I looking at here? It's mostly small, colorful pictures.
Those are emojis.
Read 'em.
Okay, it says "Hey," and then a kissy face, and then, like, a saucy, smirking face, three balloons, and a locomotive.
What the hell is all this? Maybe she likes you.
Send something back.
Okay.
"Dearest Theresa, I hope this finds you well.
I so appreciated your last communication" No, stop, stop! God, stop, stop! Just send her an eggplant and the erupting volcano.
(BRACE SQUEAKING) All right, take a gander.
Gawk at the Elephant Man.
Let's get it all out.
- There's our brave guy.
- Brave? And just for being such a trooper, I thought maybe you could be the first in line for snack today.
Really? On pretzel day? And after that, you can hold the bunny! Yeah, I'll pass on that.
But the pretzel thing sounds up my alley.
Now, if I could just find someone to wear this hero hat.
(GASPS) I think I found him.
Well, I say, that was a pleasant surprise.
You know, like when a woman in a Porsche Cayenne isn't a complete bitch.
Huh.
Well, I did not expect that.
(TIRES SCREECH) I wasn't telling you to go, I was trying to smell my own fart.
(DOORBELL RINGS) Hi, are you Courtney, from Tinder? You must be Glenn.
I got you these.
A lovely bouquet for a lovely Yeah, take off your pants and sit on the coffee table.
Okay.
(DOOR CLOSES) That was great.
And we can still make our reservation.
What? Why? - We already had sex.
- Wait.
So I don't have to make small-talk with you - or spend any money? - Of course not.
Here, wipe yourself off with this West Elm catalog.
My God, this app is amazing! Thank you, cell-phone Jesus.
Huh? Oh, yeah, fine.
("FUN" BY PITBULL FEATURING CHRIS BROWN PLAYING) Oh, feeling crazy The moon is up The night is hazy Let's got lost in the shadows Somewhere we can go And no one else can find Loosen up your body till you come undone Loosen up your body, baby, come undone Oh, my, my, looking like a good, good time Don't disguise The way you wanna love tonight Oh, my, my, hook you with a brand-new high Don't be shy, I just wanna live tonight Live a little F.
U.
N.
So, how's it going with the back brace? - Are people giving you a hard time? - Quite the contrary, Brian.
Apparently, people love the wretched.
Thanks to this thing, I was offered seats directly behind home plate at Fenway.
I passed.
Wow, that patient next door (LAUGHING) is fat.
PATIENT: I can hear you.
Uh, that wasn't me, that was Mrs.
Griffin.
So, I've got Stewie's results here.
Um, it appears the back brace has corrected the spine very nicely.
That's wonderful.
Stewie doesn't have to wear the brace anymore.
What? No! I can't give this thing up.
Wait, what do you mean? - You want to keep wearing the brace? - Of course I do.
It's the best thing that's ever happened to me.
When I wear this brace, I get pampered like the Queen of England.
So, I have the most money in the world, right? Yes, Your Majesty.
Great.
Can you make sure my hair looks like anyone in a nursing home? All right, hitting the links.
Joe, golf shorts may not be the right look for you.
It's gonna be a nice day.
Not for us, if you wear those.
Well, that seems a little hurtful.
Hey, where's Quagmire? Our tee time's in 20 minutes.
I don't know.
I haven't seen much of him since he discovered Tinder.
(DOOR CREAKS) QUAGMIRE: Tinder? Quagmire, come on.
It's time for golf.
I swipe "no" on golf.
(SNIFFS) Smells kind of gamey in here.
Swipe "yes" on Betsy.
Swipe "yes" on Jennifer.
Swipe "yes" on Andrea.
Swipe "yes" on all the lady faces.
Swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe.
Let's, uh, let's get a little light in here, huh, buddy? (SCREAMS) The yellow face! It burns my Tinder! Oh, my God, he's lost it.
That app's turned Quagmire into some kind of sex ghoul.
The way he's crouching, there's a teste peeking out.
Hey, listen, Quagmire, you're our friend, all right? We hate to see you like this.
I don't have any friends, only sex people from the phone.
You got to stop this.
It looks like you haven't left this room in weeks.
No need to leave.
They all come here.
Sometimes they bring burgers and cheese.
Hey, come on, Quagmire, let's go for a walk, huh? Get some fresh air oh, for God's sake.
You're gonna have a baby in your butt, man.
Can't leave.
"Heather within five miles" is coming.
(KNOCK ON DOOR) Are you "Glenn within five miles"? I can take my glass eye out if you want to try something different.
I got a good feeling about her.
Maybe she's the one.
Let's do it in the garage.
It's kind of cold, but we can do sweaters on, pants off.
Look, he left his phone.
I'm just gonna nudge it with my knee into this empty pizza box and it's stuck to my knee.
Let's, uh, let's just go.
All right, we got to just throw that phone away and end this once and for all.
Yeah, no kidding.
Quagmire's in bad shape.
He looks worse than I did after that day at the beach.
I spanked somebody else's kid.
Sorry I was late.
You're still wearing that back brace? That can't be good for you.
Dr.
Hartman said you were done with that thing.
I'm not gonna listen to that bozo.
Of course I'm still wearing it.
Watch me jump this line.
Excuse me, I have scoliosis.
Excuse me.
Scoliosis, coming through.
Hey, pal.
Polio.
A thousand apologies.
Swipe.
Swipe.
Swipe.
Come on, I'm not getting any matches! All right, Quagmire, we got to talk.
This whole thing's out of control, Quagmire.
You got to get off Tinder.
Yeah, there's plenty of nice women out in the real world to meet the old-fashioned way.
And on top of that, Tinder makes you gross.
There was a time when you'd be more selective When you were horny and feeling erective Now one swipe and there's thousands to bone All from a sex app you use on your phone That's the Tinder.
A lot of sad, lonely gals who want babies 300-pounders infested with scabies Leather gimps who do nothing but moan These are the weirdos you find on your phone You know, a surprising number of them live near the airport.
Gonorrhea H.
P.
V.
-ah You will catch a dose Of blisters and itching and genital warts 'Cause Tinder makes you so gross And for kids it's kind of tragic Sex for them has lost its magic Banging every Tom and Dick and Jack and Jill and Joan And this also might surprise you All your married friends despise you 'Cause we're not allowed to have an orgy through our phone You're perverted Barely human You're not even close A filthy degenerate seeking a thrill Your spirits and genitals run through the mill With plenty of holes and prescriptions to fill 'Cause Tinder makes you So gross.
You guys can just forget it.
I'm not quitting Tinder.
Guys, I've been to the doctor's.
I do have a baby in my butt.
Mm, you're still here.
Did we? (GROANS) What the deuce? (GRUNTING) Brian! Brian! Yes, is it possible to get Showtime for free for the next, like, two hours to see if I like it? STEWIE: Brian! (GRUNTING) What is this? What's happening to me? Oh, my God, Stewie.
It's got to be from wearing that damn brace all the time.
Your neck must have atrophied so much it can no longer support your head.
You've got to take me to the hospital.
Absolutely.
Let me just watch Jennifer's Body and we'll go right there.
Brian, there's no nudity in that movie.
Take me to the hospital! What, so it's rated "R" for curses? God, this country.
Is it, is it noticeable? Oh, nothing that can't be fixed with a string of chili pepper Christmas lights.
STEWIE: I wore that brace for the next five years of my life.
The kids stopped cheering the second day.
Then it was just, "Get off the swing, you Christmas turd.
" I'll have another one, Jerome.
You sure you haven't had too many? Just give me a drink.
Sir, is everything all right? I'm fine.
I'm fine, it oh, h oh, hey, uh, you on Tinder? What? That gross dating thing? No.
Look, I'm not trying to pick you up, it just seemed like you were upset about something, and I know when I'm upset, it's nice to let someone else in.
Giggity.
What did you just say? I-I-I don't know.
I think I said, I said, "Giggity.
" Okay.
Come on, Quagmire, this is a real girl right in front of you.
Just pick her up and take her home.
You don't need your phone.
Don't listen to him.
I'm all you need.
Are you really gonna listen to a phone over me? God, I don't know why I do this anymore.
Don't give up, Miniature Quagmire.
This is exactly why you got into the over-the-shoulder advice business.
Ignore him, Miniature Quagmire.
Give up on your attempt to convince real Quagmire to not use Tinder, and to instead have sex with this woman who's right in front of him.
Wait, what's going on? I'm just saying, you used to have skills that no one else had, that took you years to hone.
You were an artist.
Ah, damn.
I think I was too wordy.
I'm still an artist.
What was that? I was just saying, I am upset about something.
I thought you were.
Do you want to talk about it? I do.
I buried my twin brother today.
We were very close.
We used to finish each other's, um Sentences? Oh, oh, I just got chills.
I'm Sandra.
I'm Glenn.
You know, I just, I just feel like my penis shouldn't be alone tonight.
All right.
Well, looks like Quagmire's back.
Yep, he's scumming it up in the real world again.
And all it took was for us to hire that $200 dirty prostitute to pretend to be a nice lady in a bar.
I'm just glad she's a prostitute and not that lady murderer that's been all over the news.
Hi, I'm that prostitute you guys hired to seduce your friend.
Oh, boy.
Well, deal's off, he's dead.
But perhaps we can make other arrangements.
(GRUNTING) Hey, do you think I could try to kick one? No.
You're all-time goalie.

TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to The Terminator.
I've been sent here from the future.
I have to have sex with your housekeeper to save humanity.
What? Bring me your housekeeper! I have to have sex with her now! I'm the Terminator! I don't have a housekeeper.
And I think you're just present-day Arnold Schwarzenegger.
No, I am a machine.
Every second I'm not having sex with a housekeeper, robots are killing people in the future.
Okay, I finish for the day.
You lied to me! You do have a housekeeper! Let's go make a large-faced boy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, cop, cop, cop.
Peter, it's me, and you're an adult man drinking in a bar.
Anyway, sorry I'm late.
The pantry down at the station needed new shelf paper.
That's what they got you doing down there? Well, that, and I'm also in charge of the office gerbil.
And let me tell you, Lieutenant Nibbles is quite a handful.
He'll only eat real cheese, not processed.
You buy special cheese for a gerbil? Yeah, I have to, he outranks me.
Jeez, Joe, what the hell happened? You used to be this badass cop out there on the street, busting heads and keeping us safe.
Well, it may not sound exciting, but I play an important role.
I go through all the body cam footage and take out all the parts where the cops go pee-pee.
So you're just erasing cop wieners all day? Eh, not erasing, sort of cutting them together into a funny montage we show on birthdays.
Speaking of which, Flannigan's got the big "four-oh" coming up.
Got to go.
Man, you guys think Joe's as happy as he says he is, just doing all that desk work? No way, he's just putting lipstick on a pig.
This is called "Crimson Sky.
" What do you think? Mmm.
WOMAN'S VOICE: Harold? Get this off of me! What are you doing in the women's department? Uh, waiting for you.
Well, I'm ready.
Let's go.
[voice breaking]: Who are you? Ugh, she just put her tampons on top of the bread.
Take the groceries out, we got start over.
Mom, can I go barehand raisins from the bulk aisle? Okay, but if you get caught, just say, "oopsie-poopsie," like a simpleton.
Hey, watch your fat arms! Excuse me, ma'am, your little girl dropped her teddy bear.
What? "Little girl"? [laughs] Yeah, she hates it when she drops that.
He's actually a little boy, but thank you very much.
Did she just think I was a girl? Why would she think that? I don't know, maybe she saw you try to throw that feather in the yard yesterday.
Hey, don't watch me when I'm doing stuff.
MANAGER: What are you doing, kid? Those aren't free! CHRIS: Oopsie-poopsie! MANAGER: Aw, God bless you.
Help yourself.
[engine stalling] JOE: Car trouble? Ah, son of a bitch, Joe! Didn't even hear you coming.
Yeah, I'm kind of quiet on grass.
Thanks for giving me a ride, Joe.
Hey, since we're in a cop car, let's talk about our hunches and how something doesn't add up.
All right.
I have a hunch Madea's not really a girl.
Yeah, something doesn't add up about that.
DISPATCHER: All units, reports of a drug deal in progress at Fifth and Maple.
Shots fired.
Suspect possibly armed.
Well, shots fired, so definitely armed, duh.
Dispatch much? Sorry, guys.
Fifth and Maple? That's right near here.
We got to go! No can do, I got to go to the station and tidy up the bulletin board.
No one's biting on those guitar lessons.
What are you talking about? There's a drug deal going down! Peter, there's a lot you don't understand about police work.
What's to understand? I watch TV.
Come on, Joe, let's put this 70's siren on your car and go.
Did you just wipe a booger on my roof? Let's go! Let's go! [siren chirps] Oh, crap! Cops! That's the house! Hold on, Peter, we can't go in there.
We got to wait for backup.
The hell we do! [gun clicks] Peter! Reach for the stars! What? I think he's telling us to follow our dreams.
Where are the drugs? What are you doing? You are violating all kinds of procedures! There's no drugs here, pig.
Ah-ha! No drugs, huh? Well, what do you call this? And I'll bet there's more where that came from.
[toilet flushes] They're trying to flush their stash! Nice try, scumbag, but I got your squishy drugs right here.
Uh-oh.
Peter, hand me my gun and get out of here! I could get fired for this! And I can't go back to my job as a magician's assistant.
And now, to pull the two sides apart.
[cymbal crash, audience gasps] And wiggle your toes! I said, wiggle your toes! JOE: Yeah, that's, uh, that's why I wanted to talk to you before the show.
What's up, dudes? Stewie, what the hell is all this? Uh, only the most manly thing ever.
A little something called American football.
Is that a Michael Sam jersey? Yep.
Two boy names.
Doubly masculine.
- Like George Michael? - Shut up! Come on, Stewie, are you still hung up about that woman at the grocery store thinking you were a girl? Elton John.
Is another.
It has nothing to do with that, Brian.
I just thought it'd be good to take up a sport.
You know, like boys do.
You don't have to play football to prove you're a boy.
Barney Frank.
Is yet another one.
Chris, please.
Actually, you know what? Ricky Martin.
There's a bunch of these.
Anyway, they're not gonna let you play football, Stewie.
You're too little.
Oh, don't worry.
I'm gonna be bad news for the other team.
And nobody likes bad news.
Except for Larry, the Self-Loathing Idiot.
Larry, I'm afraid you only have three months to live.
[soft, idiotic giggle] POLICE CAPTAIN: Swanson! I need to see you right now! Captain.
Lieutenant.
You had no business participating in that raid at Fifth and Maple.
I know that, Captain.
I'm sorry that I But I'm glad you did.
Excuse me? You brought down one of the biggest drug rings in Quahog.
Above and beyond, Swanson.
Well, sir, I I'm just like any other cop.
My wife puts on my pants one leg at a time.
I appreciate your modesty, but nice work.
It's hard to believe you did that all by yourself.
Yep, did it all by myself, I did, I did.
My little lonesome, says I.
That's weird phrasing, but I'll tell you this, Swanson, you keep up this kind of work, there'll be no more grocery runs for you.
You'll be back on the street full-time.
Thank you, Captain.
- [squeaking] - Sir? Thank you, sir.
Hey, Peter.
You know, I was just thinking about how much fun we had the other day, and wondered if you'd want to join me for another ride-along.
Well, yeah, but I-I thought you said I couldn't do that 'cause you'd get in trouble.
Eh, it'll be our little secret.
All right.
Hey, can I drive the car? - Yeah, I guess I can let you drive.
- Awesome! Hey, and-and can we go slow up to a homeless guy and go "joop-joop" and see what he does? That's half the job.
So, what do you say? You think you're up to it? You bet I am.
I'm in the best shape of my life.
I've been working my Dave Matthews Punching Bag.
Thank you very much for using me today.
[mumbling to the speed of punching bag] This isn't annoying enough.
I need my David Lee Roth bag.
[mumbling to the speed of punching bag] [whistle blowing, children clamoring] Wow.
So these are the wife-beaters of tomorrow.
Which team is Stewie gonna be on? He's not gonna be on any team.
He's just overcompensating, because he was called a girl.
But once he sees how big the other kids are, he'll back out.
Ooh! My shoes have 12 little heels.
BRIAN: They're cleats! Okay, kids, let's start practice.
Yeah! Football! Boy stuff.
Hitting the shower.
Getting embarrassed.
Going home to shower.
Okay, Stewie, enough is enough.
All right, let's-let's get you out of here.
Yeah, you probably should get him out of there, 'cause he's just a little shrimp.
Uh, okay, thank you.
I mean, look at him.
My Tyler would kill him out there.
Okay, well, believe me, there's there's more to him than you think.
Come on, Stewie.
You know, ballet is great exercise.
Maybe you should put short stack in a tutu.
No, you know what, Stewie? Get the hell out on that field! [quietly]: And if you see that Tyler, take his knee out.
All right, let's do it! Football game! Then, reminder, showering at home.
Okay, I guess we'll see who's got the toughest kid here.
Yeah, I guess we will.
Hey! Oopsie-poopsie! Aw.
No sleep till Brooklyn Foot on the pedal Never ever false metal Engine running hotter than a boiling kettle My job ain't a job, it's a damn good time City to city, I'm running my rhymes On location Touring around the nation Beastie Boys always on vacation Itchy trigger finger But a stable turntable I do what I do best Because I'm willing and able Ain't no faking, your money I'm taking Going coast to coast to watch all the girlies shaking While you're at the job working 9:00 to 5:00 The Beastie Boys at the Garden cold kickin' it live No sleep till Another plane, another train Another bottle in the brain Another girl, Another fight Another drive all night Our manager's crazy He always smokes dust He's got his own room at the back of the bus Tour around the world You rock around the clock, plane to hotel Girls on the jock We're trashing hotels like it's going out of style Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Our top story tonight: local news anchor too professional to laugh at penis poked through hole in cue card.
But first, earlier today at city hall, the mayor honored a hero cop who has foiled a string of recent crimes.
Good afternoon, we had a budget meeting that ran long, so I'm gonna eat my lunch while I hold this press conference.
Ooh, my favorite! Loose Cobb salad in a lunchbox.
I'm gonna now shake this up like a lady in your office.
Okay, while the dressing does its magic, let's honor Officer Joe Swanson, who single-handedly cut crime in Quahog by 75%.
What? "Single-handedly"? Officer Swanson, as thanks from a grateful city, please accept this Certificate of Merit.
And with that, I hereby declare this hero cop open! Whoa, sweet bod.
You lift, bro? Damn it, I can't believe Joe's hogging all the credit.
That bastard's just getting famous by tricking people.
Like Orson Welles.
So the aliens have come to Earth to destroy all mankind.
And, uh they're going to start at McDonald's.
So if you're in line there, you better run.
Whoa, whoa! N-Not the workers, though.
They've already said the workers are safe.
[whistle blows] Excuse me, Coach Herar-Herar-ra-ra-ra? It's Herrera.
Okay, well that's a lot of Rs, but listen, I-I noticed you're not starting Stewie.
Oh, I can't put him in.
I mean, he can come out for limp handshakes at the end of the game, but I can't play him.
He's too little.
"Little"? Oh, like that car you drive over there? Let's see if it looks bigger when I throw a Sprite at it.
Well, that's not my car, but I don't care, I'm just a volunteer.
All right, Griffin, get in there! Come on, Stewie, give your dog something to post on Facebook! Something to post on Facebook, let's go.
[whistle blows] All right, and nobody's blocking.
[grunts] Oh, my God.
Stewie! Are you okay? Back off! He may have a concussion.
A concussion? You do me an honor, Lieutenant, but my dance card is full.
Officer Swanson, as you requested, here's a big stack of all the cases you cracked.
Oh, great.
Now I'm gonna go ahead and brood over a photo of the girl whose case was the one I couldn't solve.
Your '70s sweater and feathered hair let people know this is a cold case.
PETER: Well, hello, Officer Swanson.
Peter? What are you doing? You're not supposed to be here.
I saw you on TV, hogging all the credit for my police work.
Look, I told you, I need you to be a silent partner on this.
The truth is I could get in a lot of trouble.
Oh, I see.
You need me to be the bad cop who kicks all the ass and then I'm supposed to be quiet about it? Well, my silence is gonna cost you.
What are you saying? I'm saying you get stuff, I want stuff.
I've seen that evidence locker.
I know you got Discmans in there.
I want a murdered jogger's Discman.
Peter, you know I can't do that.
Yeah? Well, maybe I accidentally reveal that you're not the hero everyone thinks you are and that you've been letting your neighbor do all kinds of cop stuff.
You wouldn't do that, would you? You bet I would.
And one more thing.
Peter asked me to do this.
He, he said it's something from before.
I, I don't know, I I hope it's funny.
All right, I'm here.
But why did you want me to bring this? I'll tell you why.
You're getting all the credit for my police work, so I want stuff from you.
I want a minute in your house with this shopping cart, like Supermarket Sweep.
Here, time me.
Peter, you expect me to let you ransack my house? Well, unless you'd rather I spill the beans to the chief about who's been doing your dirty work.
Okay, go.
[cabinets opening] Aw, sweet, board games! I'm taking the cannon from your Monopoly! [Bonnie screams] Why is Peter in the house? It's a police matter, Bonnie! PETER: Hey, how come Kevin's room is locked? He just wants some privacy! It's locked from the outside! Don't open it, Peter! [door opens, crashing] Hi, baby.
Hi, baby.
Get out of Susie's room! [crashing] Your stuff sucks.
I didn't need the full minute.
Hey, Stewie, how's our little concussion guy? Oh, my God.
Can you, can you see me? Yeah, I know, I'm fine, I'm fine.
I-Is anybody gonna answer that telephone? He keeps thinking the phone is ringing, Brian.
Well, at least he's talking again.
I think that means he's getting better.
Is it day or night? I don't, I don't care, I just want to know.
Lois, answer the bloody phone! N-No, no! W-we don't need Lois.
[chuckles] Chris, pretend to answer the phone.
Oh, uh, hello? Okay.
Yes, one second.
Mom, it's for you! What? No! Damn it, Chris! Um, um I'll, I'll take that.
Hello, this is Brian Griffin.
Actually, I already receive The New York Times, and I always enjoy finishing the crossword puzzle.
You're bragging to nobody? Phone's still ringing.
Crap, Chris, he's worse off than I thought.
We have to do something.
Well, on TV if somebody gets hit on the head, you hit them a second time and that gets them back to normal.
No, no, Chris.
This is very serious.
You see, what a concussion is is the impact of brain matter on the inside of the skull.
That's why you sometimes hear this nonsense about, "Oh, let's just give them better helmets.
" But you can't make a helmet for the inside Chris, are you crazy? Shh.
Let's just let him sleep this off.
Look how peaceful he is.
I wonder what's going on in that little head of his.
The world looks mighty good to me 'Cause Tootsie Rolls are all I see Whatever it is I think I see Becomes a Tootsie Roll to me! Joe, is something wrong? I didn't hear you crying in the shower this morning.
I'm just dealing with some stuff at work.
But everything's going so well.
You've been getting all those commendations and my online handmade lip balm business is really taking off.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Well, I'm proud of you.
And you should be proud of yourself.
I want these: rechargeable heated mittens.
Write it down.
Forget it, Peter.
I'm done being blackmailed by you.
Oh, yeah? Well, fine, but remember, you're nothing without your muscle.
DISPATCHER: Any available unit, we have a report of an armed robbery in progress.
Go on, hero cop.
You don't need me.
Well, uh, maybe you and I could do one last bust for old time's sake.
Yes! All right, let's do it.
Let's go be heroes.
Like the designated Shriver.
Is there a skeleton with a wig that can drive me home? I can.
Look at this mess! Where is the housekeeper? Well, you already look better.
The doctor should be in any minute.
[baby crying] Chris, what the hell? There is a room where you can go in and just get free people.
Yeah, you should give that back.
Look, I'm really sorry I let you get hurt, Stewie.
I never should've pushed you into that game.
Oh, it's not your fault.
I just have to accept that I'm not a man and I'm never going to be one.
That's ridiculous.
You can't let what one woman says in a grocery store define who you are.
Mom and Dad said it, too.
I heard it through a vent in the wall.
Hey, knock, knock.
Coach Herrera? You came to see Stewie? Yeah, I wanted to check in on this tough little guy.
"Tough little guy"? It takes a real man to take a hit like that.
Feel better, sport.
How about that? "Real man.
" See? I told you, Stewie.
You're a big, tough boy.
Yes, I guess I am.
That may be, Stewie.
But if I were you, I'd stay off the field.
Concussions are the number one problem in football today.
Recent brain scan studies have shown [band music playing] that brain injuries are directly linked to dementia and suicides in former players! - [music gets louder] - Yet the league You can play the music louder but you can't silence the truth! [siren wailing, tires screeching] Peter, slow down! No can do, Joe.
I'm all hopped up 'cause I Vicks Vapo'd my sack.
[tires screeching] I also got some of it in my eyes.
Am I getting them? Am I getting the robbers? Peter, put the gun down! On the floor, punks.
Everybody dies.
[screams] My already-irritated eyes! Aw, damn it, Peter! This is Officer Swanson, I need backup at PETER: Ow! They're beating me with vaping accessories! Forget it, there's no time.
Freeze, police! Too late, Joe.
I already identify with my captors.
Don't hurt Max and Ken.
[gunshots] Holy crap, Joe.
That was freaking amazing! You kicked their ass! You're right, I guess I did.
And without my help.
See, this is the Joe I remember.
You know, maybe you had it in you all along.
Wow.
I guess I just got ground down by years of people treating me like an errand boy, and I just let them walk all over me.
You know, you were a real pain in the butt as a partner, but you helped me find myself again.
Thanks, Peter.
You're welcome, Joe.
Excuse me, do you have any Tab soda I can bring back to the sex dungeon where I've been held captive for decades? Ma'am, this is a crime scene.
I'm gonna have to ask you to move along.
You're right, Peter.
I'm a pretty good cop.

TV ANNOUNCER: Is Netflix Streaming the right choice for you? Well, if you like movies in HD, then frozen pixels, then HD again, the answer is "yes.
" And if you love the golden year of movies, 2003, then we might have some of what you're looking for.
Netflix Streaming: buffer for 20 minutes, then watch 35 minutes of a movie with Jason Statham.
Oh, look what came, the free DVD from my PBS pledge.
Whatever it is, we're not watching it.
Peter, trust me, you of all people could really learn something from this.
It's a documentary about the food industry called, Food Kills.
Huh.
Says here that Colon Health Magazine gave it two thumbs in.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS) Hi, I'm Matt Lauer's cousin, Stephen McCormick.
Our moms are sisters.
America is gorging itself on processed food, creating an obesity epidemic.
We've abandoned natural foods for chemicals, additives and refined sugars.
At this rate, this is what the future will look like.
Those are flying cars, but the people in them are too fat.
Oh, no, I left my baby in there.
Without drastic changes in our diet, Americans are headed for a health catastrophe.
For more, go to our website at "double-u double-u double-u dot PBS dot com.
" That's "www" dot, the word "double-u" three times, the word "dot," "PBS," the word "dot" again, the word "com," dot com.
There was a miscommunication when we registered our website.
Well, that's it, from now on, we're eating healthy around here.
We're gonna feel better and we're gonna look better.
Well, looking better doesn't always solve your problems, Lois.
It sure didn't work for Droopy Dog when he got that facelift.
Contrary to my appearance, I'm still not happy.
Please study my brain so that others don't suffer as I have.
(SAD TRUMPET MELODY) Thanks for coming to my birthday party, you guys.
And Esther, I'm so sorry you ripped your perineum doing the Hokey Pokey.
That's okay, I got free curly fries.
Okay, let's see what Meg got me.
A crock pot? Things about to get crazy! You can cook a pork tenderloin under your bed.
Excuse me, girls.
We're about to start roller derby in a minute.
Wait, wait.
You.
What's your name? Me? Meg Griffin.
Would you mind standing up? Whoa! What-what-what are you doing? My God.
The magic ratio.
What's that? It means your ankles, calves, and thighs are all the same thickness.
How would you like to try out for the roller derby team? Really? - Do it, Meg.
- Yeah, Meg.
You should totally do it.
Meg's talking to a boy! Okay, sure.
What the heck? Here.
Take my card.
"I am a registered sex offender.
" Flip it over.
"IMPORTANT: see other side.
" Give me that.
I'm the roller derby coach.
See you at tryouts.
I can't believe it, you guys.
This is the biggest surprise since the last M.
Night Shyamalan movie.
Two tickets for the M.
Night Shyamalan movie.
Wow.
Really? Hope you guys are ready for a healthy dinner.
I went to Whole Foods today and got this recipe from an extremely thin man with a giant Adam's apple.
I hate that place.
None of the cereals are advertised on TV.
What's this stuff that looks like sand? It's quinoa.
Nope, I don't eat foods that sound like karate words.
Well, according to Food Kills, quinoa is a superfood.
It's very nutritious, and it even helps keep you regular.
Lois, I have a system I poop once a week for an hour and a half.
I wear a headband and it's soaked when I'm all done.
Mm.
Wow, Lois, you know, this is actually pretty good.
Peter, you should try it.
Ugh.
Fine.
(GAGGING) Peter, knock it off.
I can't help it! My body's rejecting it! (DANCE MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND) Name? Quinoa.
Mm-hmm.
Sorry, sir, we're full.
Come on in, gummy bears! Oh, you are looking fine tonight.
Mm! Thanks again for coming and supporting me, Chris.
No problem.
And I'm gonna take some pictures of the other athletes, if you don't mind.
You might not know this about me, but I am a bit of a shutterbug.
Okay, that's-that's all okay.
All right, ladies, line up.
How about we start with some warm-ups? Bend down and touch your toes.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING RAPIDLY) CHRIS: "Memory card full"? Come on! Okay, now, last year we were tricked by a couch on a dolly with wheels, so if any of you is a couch on a dolly with wheels, I'm gonna ask you to please leave now.
Well, we need five for a team and there's five of you here, so congratulations.
Wow! This is awesome! I can't believe I'm a Quahog Thug! When do we start skating? Here, look at the schedule.
This is just a list of Sexaholic Anonymous meetings.
Flip it over.
It says, "Remember to attend your meetings.
" I'm gonna stop handing you stuff.
(GROANING) It's the middle of the night.
Where are you going? I'm sick of all this healthy crap.
I'm going downstairs to find something good to eat.
And then I'm gonna fall asleep watching transvaginal mesh lawsuit commercials.
There's nothing.
Thank you, son.
What's going on, man, are you pregnant? No, my wife watched that food documentary.
And you should never ask that unless you're sure, by the way.
Aw, yeah, peanut-butter-cup- Dorito-sausage-car panini.
And let's crack a Cadbury Egg over the whole thing.
(SIZZLING) Just gonna use my spare glove-compartment-underwear as a napkin.
I can't believe Randy Quaid gets to eat like this every day.
Peter? Is that you? Cleveland? Are you cooking in your car? I am.
Is this because of Food Kills? Oh, you saw that movie too, huh? We watched Tyler Perry's Food Kills, which is the same movie except it stars black folks you've never heard of and white folks you don't hear from anymore.
But, yeah, now Donna is forcing me to eat healthy.
I always get confused, is Donna the wife, or is Roberta the wife? I don't know, man, can I have some of that sandwich? Oh, our hands just touched.
Mm.
Wow, Peter.
That's good.
That's real good.
I'm not sure what we're doing now.
MAN: Excuse me, whatever you've got in there smells incredible.
Man, my wife won't let me eat any of that stuff.
Tell you what, I'll give you ten bucks for that thing.
Yeah, me, too.
Wow.
Huh, if I sell two sandwiches for $10 each, that equals (WOMAN VOCALIZING) money.
Peter, you just made $20 from two sandwiches.
Wow, you're right.
Hey, maybe I could turn this into a business.
You know, selling sandwiches from a car.
Wonder how much I could make.
(WOMAN VOCALIZING) Mad world Whoops, I stopped thinking about math and started thinking about baby-man Billy Corgan being sad at Disneyland.
(PETER'S LAUGH TO MELODY OF "LA CUCARACHA") Peter, what the hell is this? This, Lois, is my new food truck, specializing in all the delicious, unhealthy foods that you won't let me eat.
'Cause you don't let me eat what I want to eat and that and, uh, I am super dizzy and there might be a gas leak in this thing.
(PETER'S LAUGH TO MELODY OF "DIXIE") I can't believe you'd buy a food truck.
What are you even selling? First of all, believe it, baby.
Second, uh, mostly hamburgers where the buns is jelly donuts.
And drinks where hot dogs is the straws.
(SLURPING) Mm.
Another milkshake, please.
Look, I'm happy for the business, but drinking that on your knees is it's putting a hat on a hat.
Look at this food.
It's gross and unhealthy.
It's exactly the stuff I'm trying to get you not to eat.
Yeah, but people like this food.
It makes them happy.
I mean, you can eat sprouts and vegan crap your entire life and still get devoured by Gremlins and-and-and none of it matters.
So you're saying you shouldn't take care of yourself because you might get devoured by Gremlins? Get a clue, mama.
Think of what you're doing to your body, Peter.
Oh, there we go.
You think I'm overweight.
I know you're overweight.
Hey, yeah, I'll have the, uh, Swedish Fish Tacos.
You want the can of chili dumped on top or on the side? What does the chef recommend? Me? I like to squeeze the can so hard the chili flies into my mouth like Popeye.
Do it up.
You got it.
Let me put on my bandana, fire up my very loud "what" generator, and get cooking.
(GENERATOR RUNNING LOUDLY) Peter, this isn't over! What?! Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the first bout of the season, the Quahog Thugs versus the Medford Dump Cakes.
This season we're brought to you by Barry's Note Cards.
"When you need to remind yourself of the sponsor, use Barry's Note Cards.
" (WHISTLE BLOWS) (MEG GASPS) (MEG GRUNTING) Nice move, Griffin.
Way to go, Meg! ANNOUNCER: Wow, newcomer Meg Griffin is lighting up the track with some amazing moves.
"Amazing"? Damn right, amazing.
Make some noise if you're mixing prescription drugs with alcohol! (CHEERING) Wow.
This is a lot more physical than I thought.
My favorite part of a woman's body is haunches.
And this is all haunch, baby.
(GRUNTS) Meg! Boy, that was rough.
This sport's even more dangerous than skeet shooting.
Pull! I got in the wrong line! That'll be $16.
$16? That's expensive.
Yes, sir.
Everything's very expensive because you're paying for it on an iPad.
Now, if you'll just select a gratuity.
Options are 60%, 90%, and 200%.
Uh, I guess 60%.
Okay, great.
And just sign by dragging your bare finger across this thing I use to masturbate.
Uh, okay.
Thank you, please make sure to bang your head on that low-hanging thing.
What are you (SHOUTS) Oh, you spilled something.
You want a napkin? Yes, please.
All right, here's 40, blown by the wind.
(PANTING) Oh, Chris, I'm glad you're here.
Swing that lamp at me.
But you'll get hurt.
No, I won't.
I'm gonna dodge it.
(SHOUTS) Oh, my God, are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine.
This roller derby's really toughened me up.
I got to say, I've-I've never felt better.
Really? 'Cause I watched how rough it was out there the other day, and I got a little worried for you.
I mean, all it would take is one bad hit to do permanent damage.
I think you should quit.
What? No.
No, I-I love roller derby.
It's the first thing I'm really good at.
Plus, I love making other women bleed.
But you know, in ways besides the way, you know, they normally bleed.
STEWIE: She means periods.
Yeah, I got it, Stewie, but I'm telling you, Meg, something bad is going to happen.
Like when you give a young athlete too much money.
I, I got to murder somebody.
Peter, kids, dinner! Kids? Peter? It's time for a healthy, veggie dinner! Come on, I spent the whole day making the house smell like farts.
Where the hell is everybody? All right, I got a bowl of cereal that's M&M's and Dr.
Pepper? Over here.
Chris, put that down.
You kids get in the house and eat the healthy dinner I prepared, and Peter, you, too.
Shut down that truck and get inside.
Lois, I already told you.
I don't want to eat your garbage food.
All right? Now can you go inside and get me some Pop Rocks? I'm making a paella.
You know what? Enough of this nonsense.
You love this truck so much, stay in it, 'cause I don't want you or your food in the house.
Fine.
I love this truck.
I got everything I need in here.
Maybe I'll just live here.
I can imagine it now.
(WOMAN VOCALIZING) Living in America Whoops.
I stopped thinking about the truck and started thinking about Amazon woman Brigitte Nielsen drunk in a Burbank park.
(BIRDS SINGING) (SNORING) (ALARM BEEPING) All right, time to greet the day.
Are you living in a truck? Not bad.
I see you got a Hooters calendar in here.
How do you get anything done with those rocking knockers staring at you? Hey, who says I get anything done? Guy talk, guy talk.
Yeah, guy talk.
(CHUCKLES) Guy talk.
This is how guys talk.
Oh, Peter, this is awful.
Well, I love it.
And I'm not going back in that house and listen to Lois tell me how fat and unhealthy I am.
You do look like you've put on a few.
Your elbows are starting to pucker.
Yeah, I mean, are you really happy in here? You bet I am.
I'm happier than a squash on Halloween.
Dad, are they coming to take us away, too? No, son, we're fine.
How about on Thanksgiving? You know what, just enjoy the month.
(GRUNTING) You're going down, Griffin, like my stepfather's pants! I guess I see where some of your anger comes from.
(GRUNTS) Oh, no.
This is bad.
That's it.
I have to do something.
Chris, what are you doing? Saving my (SHOUTS) (GROANING) Oh, my God.
Chris, are you okay? I don't think so.
I'm hurt pretty bad, like that time I was running with scissors.
(LAUGHING) You run like a girl.
Run like a man, you get a suit.
Here you go.
And if you'd like to put your e-mail on our sign-up list, I'd be happy to sell it to Russian hackers.
Peter, Peter, it's happening.
What? The Bing Maps car.
It's three blocks down and it's coming this way.
Holy crap.
This is the day we've been waiting for.
We said we're gonna stand in our front yards and wave as it goes by so we're on the street view.
We're gonna be on the Internet.
Mort just called.
It went by his house.
Everybody, places! Start waving.
This is not a drill! (GRUNTS) Damn it.
I can't fit through the door.
I'm stuck in the truck.
- What? What are you talking about? - (GRUNTING) I knew this would happen.
You're too fat to get out.
I see it.
I see the Bing car.
Oh, my God, Bing! Bing! Over here! Bing! They can't see you, Peter.
You're facing away from the street.
Stop talking, Quagmire.
Just smile.
This is amazing.
Crap.
Is it gone? The driver nodded at me.
I I think I'm gonna cry.
Damn it.
I can't believe I missed it.
Jeez, I hope I don't end up stuck in here like Winnie the Pooh.
Uh, Rabbit? Perhaps you should push with your shoulder and not your fist? RABBIT: Don't worry about it.
Hey, did that big "boomba boomba" nurse come in here? Uh, no.
But Dr.
Hartman, is my brother gonna be okay? (WHISPERING): That's her.
That's her.
(VOICE BREAKING): Hi, Juanita.
Hello, Doctor.
Was that weird? Was I just weird? Kind of.
You don't know.
I was fine.
Oh, Chris, I'm so sorry you got hurt like this.
Roller derby was the best thing that ever happened to me.
I finally felt like I was good at something, I made friends but seeing you like this, I realize you were right.
It's too dangerous.
So I'm going to quit.
No, Meg.
I got hurt because I didn't belong out there, but you do.
I watched you skate.
You found your calling and I believe in you.
Now get back to that rink and help your team win the championship it deserves.
Really? I will.
Thanks, Chris.
MORGAN FREEMAN: With the spirit in her heart renewed, Meg returned to the roller derby arena.
I think she did all right, but no one will know for sure because halfway through everyone stopped to watch some fat kid who was killing it on Dance Dance Revolution.
(CHUCKLES) Dance, you fat bitch.
So tonight, we say to the yellow-billed marsh finch you're extinct.
But, right now, we're getting word of breaking news.
We go live to Tricia Takanawa with details.
- Tricia? - Tom, I'm standing here outside a Spooner Street home, where a local business owner has apparently eaten himself into his own food truck.
Oh.
It appears they've finally removed the roof.
Nobody look.
This is a private, gross matter.
Mr.
Griffin, is this performance art or, uh, some sort of political statement? Well, I'm kind of ticked about condoms in porn, but this is unrelated.
Oh, hey, Lois.
I guess you must be happy.
Yeah, it's every girl's dream to have her husband hoisted out of a food truck in a horse harness.
No, look, I-I'm just saying, you were right.
I'm a big tub of lard, and you have every reason to be ashamed of me.
Ashamed of you? I-Is that really what you think? Well, yeah, you kept saying how overweight I am.
Peter, don't you get it? I only wanted you to eat healthy because I love you, and I'm concerned about your health.
I want you around for as long as I'm around.
Really? Well, I love you, too, Lois.
I'm sorry I was such a jerk.
I guess I could do without eating so much junk, but I could never do without you.
Oh, Peter.
Ma'am, please step back.
We have to wash him with a hose.
Guys, look! Look! The Bing car is back.
No.
I'm not ready! I'm not ready! MORGAN FREEMAN: Inspired by his love for Lois, Peter had steamed vegetables and brown rice that evening, then ate like crap for the rest of his life.
Nonetheless, he was immortalized on Bing Maps.
(LAUGHS) Fat people are amusing to me.
Hang there, you fat bitch.

Hey, guys, I didn't know you were coming to the church raffle.
I will confess a mix-up to you.
I thought Donna said we were going to the "church waffle.
" And we're only here for the fantasy weekend at Fenway Park.
Fenway Park? Oh, yeah, the winner and a friend get to hang out and practice with retired Red Sox players and then play in a real game, right on the field at Fenway.
Oh, my God, that's always been a dream of mine! Well, that and tuning a guitar in front of a live audience.
(GUITAR TUNING) (STRUMS DISCORDANT NOTES) This was in perfect tune when they handed it to me.
Next up, our fantasy weekend for two at Fenway Park.
Oh, man, this is it! And the winner is Peter Griffin! Holy crap, I won! - Wow, good for you! - Congratulations! I like it when people say your name out loud! How exciting, Peter.
A weekend trip to Boston.
Yeah, and the best part is, I don't even have to get on a plane.
I always have trouble at the airport.
Sir, you're not allowed to be on the carousel.
Well, then maybe you shouldn't have named it such a fun word.
Uh, excuse me, excuse me, I'm not yours.
He's stealing me! I'm being stolen! Excuse me, I think you've got mine.
Oh, that's a good idea.
(KNOCKS ON DOOR) - Oh, hey, Quagmire.
- Hey, Peter.
So I was just baking a coffee cake, and I figured I'd bring it over, 'cause you like coffee cake.
Wow, thanks.
Yeah, yeah, no problem.
- So, who are you taking to Fenway? - What? Well, I was just thinking, you have that extra ticket, - maybe you'd want to - Peter, before you answer him, I've got that murdered jogger's Discman you wanted last week.
Still bloody.
Hi, Peter.
You know how you like $40 cash? Well, here's almost $40 cash.
Guys, look, I know you all want to go, but I-I need a little more time to figure this out.
I mean, it's a tough decision.
Like what to do with that big watermelon I bought.
Griffin, I just wanted to tell you that's a great outfit.
Keep it up.
I knew it.
I have to start trusting myself more.
Man, I don't envy you.
Whichever one of them you bring to Fenway, the other two will be mad at you.
I don't want to bring any of them.
Those guys are all way better than me at baseball.
They'd just show me up and ruin it for me.
Why don't you bring Lois? She doesn't care about baseball, and that way nobody gets their feelings hurt.
Brian, that's a great idea.
Thanks.
- Is it new-tennis-ball great? - It's three-new-tennis-balls great.
I'm gonna get 'em all, I'm gonna get 'em all, I'm gonna get 'em all! (CAN HISSES) (EXCITED WHIMPERS) Mom, you're really going to Boston? I didn't even think you liked baseball.
Oh, I'm not going for baseball, I-I'm going for shopping, the hotel spa, and two days of being away from you life-sucking turds.
Anyway, be good.
And while we're gone, Brian's in charge.
Where is Brian? What's up, bitches? Oh, come on, Mom, really? I'm in high school, and you're still putting the dog in charge? Believe me, Meg, you want me in charge.
Stewie can be a bit of a handful.
He's right, you know.
I'm a total Taurus, stubborn as they come.
All right, fine, Meg.
While we're away, you can be in charge.
Come on, Lois, time to get to Fenway.
Wow, Dad, you look awesome.
But I thought you were gonna dress like a baseball player.
I am, Chris.
I'm the type of player who arrives at the stadium in a suit.
With a tie knot as big as an apple.
That's how you know I got mon-ay.
All right, we'll see you guys Sunday.
Okay, now you heard Mom say I'm in charge, so I just want to lay a few ground rules.
Yeah.
I promise we're gonna have fun, - but there will be a schedule just - Uh-huh.
- To keep everything running smoothly.
- Sure, got to have boundaries.
- And I may assign a chore or two - That's great, Meg.
- Because it's actually more fun - Sounds like you got it all worked out.
- When everyone pitches in.
- Hey, by the way Ah! I'm gonna flush your retainer down the toilet.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) Look at this, Lois, the Fenway Park locker room.
All right, Peter, I'm gonna go.
You want to hand me some cash in front of the other men so you feel powerful? Instead, why don't you just take my Minions Discover Card? Hey, there, sluggers.
Welcome to Red Sox Fantasy Weekend.
Well, who's this? We've never had a lady come out for this before.
Oh, no, no, that's my wife, she's just dropping me off.
Yeah, you're nice, but I'm not staying.
I don't know the first thing about baseball.
Look, your spot's already paid for.
And besides, if you leave, the teams will be lopsided.
So, as your coach, I insist you stay and play with us.
Right, fellas? (ALL YELL IN AGREEMENT) Well, I don't know.
What do you think, Peter? What do I think about sharing fantasy baseball camp with my wife? Yeah, come on, let her play.
Wow, 1980s All-Star Wade Boggs! Hey, would you mind standing next to a star of today? Sure.
Man, what happened to our game? David Ortiz, will you pick him up like a baby? It's your weekend.
(LAUGHS) Now let me put this baby bonnet on his head and a cigar in his mouth.
So, what do you say? Are you gonna let your wife play? Absolutely.
Lois, stay here and play with us.
I can't say no to Baby Boggs.
Coochie-coochie-coo Ah, he bit me.
Oh, my God, I can't believe I'm here.
Lois, see that wall there? They call that "the Green Monster.
" And over there's where I threw a D-cell battery at José Canseco.
All right, let's play ball.
Wow, you must be excited, Peter.
Yep, guess I can cross this one off my bucket list.
All that's left now is living the pueblo lifestyle.
Peter, what the hell did you do to the house? I know, it seems pretty lame until you realize I'm 58.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go lick the foot of a fleshy, pale woman for Real Sex 34.
Rupert, what do you think of this fan fiction I wrote? "Diego pressed Dora against the wall, her bosom heaving, her hot Latina breath on his face.
For once, Diego was going to do the exploring.
" Whew, just reading it muy caliente.
Okay, Stewie, time for you to get dressed.
Yeah, a closed door means "come in," I guess.
What the hell do you think you're doing? Let's pick out a cute shirt for you.
Then I thought we can go to the park.
Or, how about this? I press my butt against the wall and dook on it? (GASPS) Stewie! Don't do that! You're messing with my schedule, so I'm giving you wall poo.
Stop that right now.
You just earned a time-out.
A what? Let go of me! Don't you walk away! Hey, don't bruise me, I'm going dancing later.
You listen to me, you little monster, I take abuse from everybody around here, but I am not gonna take it from you.
Now sit here until I say you can get up.
And if you move one muscle before then, I'll smack you in your weird head.
Hey, it's not weird.
Mom says it's distinctive.
COACH: Griffin, you're up.
It's always the fat one.
I heard that.
I said it right to you.
You know what? Let's just get Lois up to bat.
Where's Lois? I'm right here, Coach.
(CHUCKLES) Guess you don't have a lot of babes out here.
Except for Babe Ruth.
(LAUGHS) - Babe Ruth.
- Ha! That's funny 'cause she's hot.
(PLAYERS CHEER) Ah, it's a little like tennis.
Uh, did you see that, Peter? I'm doing it all! Damn it.
This is supposed to be my weekend.
(PLAYERS LAUGH) (SOBBING) Stewie? What the hell's going on? Meg's awful! She gave me a time-out and she made me sit in this chair.
My God, she put eye shadow on you, too.
I might've gotten up from the chair.
Brian, Meg's lost her mind.
You've got to talk to her.
Stewie, Lois put Meg in charge, and, honestly, once I knew that, I ate a pot cookie.
So, um, yeah.
So good luck with all that.
Uh, you got any cool DVDs? Brian, please, I need help.
(CHUCKLES) Totally.
Hey, where's Chris? I wonder if he'll play Wii bowling with me.
All right, that's it, I'm not just gonna sit here and see what that psycho does next.
All right, think.
Ah! I shall fashion a makeshift ladder with my Diaper Genie entrails, shimmy down to the yard, and I'm free.
The trick, Chris, is thinking of the wand as an extension of your arm.
Wow, I can't believe I'm pretend bowling with a dog on drugs! STEWIE: Ah! Son of a bitch! (TIRES SCREECH) WOMAN: Oh, my God, a baby! My name's Shelly.
I can't have any of my own.
Would you like to come home with me? I love you so much.
STEWIE: Ah! Everywhere's a nightmare! (LAUGHS) Wow, it's nice they put on a banquet for you.
It looks like I'm the only woman here.
Yeah, they're ex-athletes, which means they're all divorced.
In fact, their ex-wives are having a banquet next door with their money.
And you want some of this dirty Oh, they're having fun.
They're doing a lot of pointing dancing.
Baby, I got your money, don't you worry.
Well, at least somebody's having fun here tonight.
Oh, you're just nervous about the big game tomorrow.
I-Is it 'cause of how pink you turn when you run? A couple guys mentioned that today on the field.
What? Who said that? I don't know, "N-Nomar" something.
You met Nomar?! Hey, there you are.
We've been saving a spot at the head table for you with all the Hall-of-Famers.
Oh, thanks.
Finally something's going my way.
- Where should I - Not you.
Lois.
What? (ORGAN PLAYS "CHARGE" RIFF WEAKLY) This is the one night of the year they let me out of the scoreboard.
Oh, I don't know if I deserve to sit at the head table.
No, no, we took a vote.
We all want to sit next to you.
You're the only one here who doesn't have a fistful of baseball cards for us to sign.
I wasn't gonna have 'em sign 'em.
I was just gonna tell 'em their stats.
But this is Peter's weekend.
Aw, don't worry about Peter.
Now, come on, Lois, we've got you sitting right between Pedro Martinez and Ted Williams' severed head.
There's a special place in hell for whoever's responsible for me ending up like this.
Hey, Meg, is anybody gonna eat this grilled cheese? No, don't eat that.
That's Stewie's lunch.
(GASPS) Oh, my God, Stewie! I forgot, he's been in a time-out for six hours.
Stewie? Oh, no, where is he? He's gone I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
I tried to tell you, watching Stewie wasn't easy.
Oh Aw, man, this is terrible.
Stewie could be anywhere.
(SHIVERING BREATHS) (ALL GASPING) Sorry, I forgot my jacket.
Okay, everybody, we're gonna do some double-play drills.
Oh, yeah, a little infield.
Let's flash some leather, huh, guys? Who wants to play second? I will.
Lois, why don't you take second? How could he not see that? I even held up my arm with my other hand.
That is the most noticeable way to raise your hand.
Okay, Griffin, you go out there and be the base runner.
All right, Peter, show 'em what you got.
Okay, Lois, catch the ball, and if your foot comes off the bag, just tag Peter on any part of his body.
How could I miss, right? It'll be like tagging a barn.
(LAUGHTER) Sorry, Peter, that's baseball.
I'll show you baseball, you sexually unsatisfied wife! Oh.
(GROANING) Yeah! Now, that's a big-league slide, huh, coach? (GROANING): Damn it! I think it's broken.
Griffin, what are you, an idiot? Yeah, an idiot who's gonna show up on SportsCenter tonight.
Coming up after the break, we'll have highlights of the playoff game between PETER: Streaking.
Unrelated.
Yep, her leg is fractured.
We should get her to the hospital.
My only medical training is to say "Walk it off.
" - Can you walk it off? - No! Oh, well, that's not good.
Okay, I'm gonna go fake-use the phone in the dugout.
Peter, what the hell got into you? Nothing.
I was just trying to play hard, like Pete Rose.
Look, I can even do the Pete Rose haircut.
I bet you a thousand bucks I have a drinking problem.
Guys, we got to get that leg set.
I guess I should ride in the ambulance.
You think I'll be back in time for the game? What? You're not playing in the game.
It's supposed to be a fun day out here, and you go nuts and break your wife's leg.
It's not my fault, I'm all hopped up on hard baseball card gum.
Mmm, it's like eating a MasterCard.
Let's get her out of here.
And you, you're done.
Clean out your locker! Kicked out? I'm totally screwed.
Like those poor guys who had to come up with a new ad campaign for Subway.
Hey, I'm Mike.
I like sandwiches and people my own age.
ANNOUNCER: Subway please don't think of pedophilia.
You know what I'm getting sick of saying? "My husband did this to me, but it's not what you think.
" Please forgive me, Lois.
I'm so stupid.
The reason I didn't bring my friends is 'cause I didn't want 'em hogging the spotlight.
And then when I saw everyone giving you all that attention, I-I guess I kind of lost it.
You did a little.
But of course I forgive you.
I just don't understand why you went so crazy.
Well, ever since I was little, I was always the fat, uncoordinated kid that nobody wanted on their team.
And I was excited that for one weekend, if I could just step on that field and get a hit at Fenway Park, I could erase all that and feel like a champ for the first time in my life.
But I'm not a champ, I'm a fat loser.
No wonder nobody ever picked me.
I picked you, Peter.
And to me and our kids, you will always be a winner.
Thanks, Lois.
And you know what? If that's true, I don't need to play in some stupid fantasy baseball game.
Well, guess what.
You're gonna play in that game, and you're gonna get that hit.
And when you do, we're all gonna be there to cheer you on.
Really? Well, how's that gonna happen? Peter, these guys have been sexually harassing me since the second I got here.
Either you play, or every one of these Red Sox are going to jail Even Ted Williams.
Mmm, new meat.
I think we're gonna get along just fine.
This is the number-one fear of only being a head.
Brian, do you always listen to the Sirius XM preview station? Yeah, I'm thinking about pulling the trigger, but they make you sign, like, a two-year Guys, who cares about your dumb radio?! We can't find Stewie anywhere.
(PHONE RINGS) Hello.
Oh, hi, Mom.
Hi, honey.
How you doing? How's Stewie? Oh, he's great.
Not lost or anything.
How's fantasy camp going? Uh, your father broke my leg out of jealousy, but that didn't ruin our honeymoon, and it's not gonna ruin this.
So listen, I want all you guys to drive up to Boston this afternoon to see your father play in the big game.
Uh, wow, we'd love to Mom, but we promised Stewie we'd perform a puppet show for him later today.
Oh, you can perform it for all of us up here in Boston.
The game's in two hours.
Drive safely.
Crap! Now we got to find Stewie and write a puppet show.
We could repurpose my one-act farce.
Or we could write something fresh.
Look, just because it's already been written doesn't mean it's not fresh.
What did I just say? Shut up! We're in trouble.
I'm in trouble.
Hey, what's this, a dickweed convention? Stewie! Oh, thank God you're home! Where the hell have you been? As far away from her as possible.
I forgot her name, honestly.
- Who, Meg? - Yes, yes, Meg.
She's scary and mean, and I don't ever want her to be in charge of me.
Are you afraid of me, little guy? Oh, Stewie, I'm really sorry I left you in that time-out.
I love you very much, and I'm so happy you're home.
You're my little brother.
Can you forgive me? Well all right.
(TAPPING ON WINDOW) Can I have your baby? Don't let her in! We're all proud of you, Peter.
N-Now, don't be nervous.
I ain't nervous, Lois I'm just sweating 'cause I was too embarrassed to get nude in the locker room, so I'm wearing all this over long pajamas.
P.
A.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, now batting for the Boston Red Sox, Peter Griffin! (ROUSING ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING) (GRUNTS) (MUSIC STOPS) Fair ball! Run, Peter! Run it out! (COMPUTER BEEPING, PHONE RINGS) Peter's Brain.
Yeah, uh, this is the Muscle Department.
What the hell is he doing? Uh, apparently, he's trying to sprint.
Sprint? He got winded walking to the plate.
And he's been out in the blazing sun for two days.
Has he had any water? No.
He told his wife there's juices in the hot dogs.
Well, I'm sorry, I got no choice but to call for a complete muscle failure.
(ALARM BLARING) (GASPING) Look! Dad's planking, from, like, eight years ago! Is there a Neiman Marcus in Boston? Peter! Get up! Get up and run! - Run, Peter! - Come on, Dad! - We love you! - Copley Place.
How far is that? (ROUSING ORCHESTRAL MUSIC RESUMES) PETER: I ran like a champion that day, pushing through the pain of two torn hamstrings and a ruptured groin, to leg out the hit at Fenway Park I had always dreamed of.
But nobody noticed, 'cause the account manager from B of A who was playing third base had a massive coronary trying to field my crappy little nubber.
The hit was amazing, but what made it even better was that my family was there to share the moment with me.
And on the car ride home, they put on a puppet show that made me laugh so hard I crashed into a tollbooth on the Mass Pike, totaling the car and breaking Lois's other leg.
The casts kind of smell, so I won't let her sleep in the bedroom till they're off.
But that's baseball.

TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to Sesame Street, now on HBO.
(CHEWING NOISILY) Oh, hi, you guys.
How was school? Honestly, Mom, today was kind of weird.
Every kid in school had to write a list of five reasons Principal Shepherd is cool and then have their parents sign it.
What? That seems crazy.
One time, I saw him pee in a urinal with his hands on his hips.
That's pretty boss.
Why would the principal make all the students do that? I don't know.
I think he's going through a tough time.
He's in the middle of a bad divorce.
What? How do you know that? He's actually been pretty open about it.
PRINCIPAL SHEPHERD: Good morning, students.
Today at 3:30, James Woods High will be hosting a cross-country meet, which also happens to be where Lorraine has threatened to take my children, across the country.
And here's today's "Tuesday Trivia" question: Does this sound like yelling? Because, apparently, this sounds to some people like yelling.
All right, finally some peace and quiet, so I can buckle down and get some writing done.
(DRUMS PLAYING OFFBEAT) - JOE: Hey, Bonnie! - BONNIE: What? JOE: Listen to this.
Say, "It's all been a pack of lies.
" BONNIE: What? Why? JOE: Just do it! Just say, "It's all been a pack of lies.
" BONNIE: "It's all been a pack of lies.
" (DRUM BREAKDOWN FROM "IN THE AIR TONIGHT" PLAYS) BONNIE: That sounded really good.
JOE: Thanks, babe.
Hey, you know what that song's about? Phil Collins watching some guy watch another guy drown.
And then, the next night, he invited the watching guy to be in the front row of his concert so he could sing it right to him and they could arrest the guy! BONNIE: Really? Why wouldn't he have just helped the guy who was drowning? JOE: I don't know, I think he was on a bridge or something.
Like, he could see it, but he couldn't get there in time.
BONNIE: But he let a whole day pass? Why didn't he call the cops? JOE: 'Cause he was busy writing the song! BONNIE: Wait, if he just watched, doesn't that also make him a little guilty? JOE: Look, I'm not saying we wouldn't bring Phil Collins in for questioning.
BONNIE: I feel like maybe this story is bogus.
JOE: Hang on, let me check Snopes.
Yeah, none of that happened.
(GROANS) Hey.
What's up? (SIGHS) Well, I'm trying to work on a sequel to The Old Man and the Sea.
Are you, are you allowed to do that? But I can't get anything done.
It's so damn loud around here.
Oh, yeah, that's what Hemingway used to complain about.
"This Spanish Civil War is just too loud.
How am I supposed to get anything done?" No, I mean, it might sound silly, but I used to daydream that by now I'd have my own place by a lake somewhere, an oasis where I could go to write.
Pay the bills by renting out the rooms.
Oh, like a B and B? That could be fun.
What? What are you talking about? I'm talking about you and me opening a B and B.
Are you serious? That'd be great! Sure.
It'll be fun.
All right, let's give it a try.
Can't be any worse than when I was on the Night's Watch.
Hey, guys, you all want to say the oath again? (GROANS) - For the watch.
- (GROANS) - For the watch.
- (GRUNTS) - For the watch.
- (GROANS) - Hi, Brian.
- (GRUNTS) I'm the boring storyline of the fat guy that's watching that girl.
And I'm Ballers.
Ow! (CRYING) I totally get it.
You're right to do this.
Well, well, if it isn't Meg Griffin.
Leave me alone, you guys.
Relax.
We're taking the day off from bullying.
Oh, thank God.
Very funny.
Who put the Ark of the Covenant in here? (LAUGHTER) Meg is so stupid.
She couldn't handle the glory of God's love.
Students, faculty and staff of James Woods High, does anyone know how to push down the backseat of a Highlander? I know I can make a bed in there, I just don't know how.
Oh, my God, Principal Shepherd, what's wrong? I just listened to two hours of butt-dialed sex between my wife and the ADT alarm guy.
Why didn't you just hang up? (VOICE BREAKING): Because I miss the sound of her voice.
(SOBBING): Oh, my God! SCHOOL SECRETARY (OVER P.
A.
): Principal Shepherd, your wife is on the line.
She says, "Uh, uh, oh, God, harder.
" Man, I still can't get over how perfect this place is.
I know, it's going to be such a darling B and B.
I got the boiler up and running, Mr.
Griffin.
Well, we don't have a boiler, but I can't wait to see what you've done in the cellar.
Oh, also, please rub the "H" and the "C" off all the knobs, so people won't know what the hell's going on.
I want the first four minutes of every shower to be confusion and anger.
Welcome, members of our school community.
Let's call to order this emergency meeting of the school board regarding Principal Shepherd's meltdown.
I know a number of our students have felt (MOCKING VOICE): "traumatized" by the events of this week, (NORMAL VOICE): and we take those concerns very seriously.
Lois, I'm done with my gum.
I don't want it.
But I'm done with it.
Peter, shh.
I'll take it.
So, due to his erratic behavior, we have placed Principal Shepherd on indefinite paid leave.
Typically, Vice Principal McGuire would step in.
However, I was informed earlier today that she was found dead in her car.
(MAN COUGHS) Therefore, the board is seeking a parent volunteer to serve as interim principal until a permanent replacement can be found.
Hey, Lois, maybe I should do it.
I've always wanted a job where I can let my dandruff go wild.
What? No way.
I'm not having my dad be the principal.
How embarrassing! Yeah, no offense, Peter, but I don't know if you should be running a school.
What are you talking about? I'm a natural leader.
That's why I'm so good at leading Simon Says.
Simon says, "Leave the band.
" Yeah, I don't know.
Well, you know what? You guys are wrong.
And I'm gonna prove it to you.
Again, any volunteers? I'll be your new principal! Wonderful.
Why don't you come on up and introduce yourself.
All right.
James Woods High cheerleaders, give me a hand! (CHEERING) CHEERLEADERS (CHANTING): Check.
Him out.
Check.
Check him out.
- My name is Peter.
- Check.
- That ain't no lie.
- Check.
I go pop, pop, fizz, fizz, oh, how sweet it is.
Check! Check! I'm done with this gum now.
I don't want it.
But I'm done with it.
Mom, why was this Listerine in the garbage? Oh, your father says he doesn't need it anymore now that he's a high school principal.
Oh, my God, he's not really doing that, is he? I'm only gonna get bullied worse now.
Hello, Breakfast Club.
(CHUCKLES) As a principal, I like to start each morning with a reference from last century.
Dad, I don't want you to do this.
Too late.
I've already been practicing giving students awkward and uncoordinated high fives.
Chris, if I may? Yay! Two fingers and side-of-the-palm contact.
Perfect! All right, I got to get to work by 7:40, 'cause that's when high school starts for some reason.
See you at the way-too-early 10:40 lunch.
(GROANS) I feel you, Meg.
- Shut up.
- You shut up! (GUESTS CHATTERING) Wow, look at us.
Running a B and B.
Yes, so far, all the guests seem very happy.
Hi, we're checking out.
Just charge my card.
That's weird, that's the fifth couple to check out after only an hour.
Hi, we'd like a room, please.
Wait, I'm sorry, weren't you just here a moment ago with a different man oh, crap.
Stewie, we have a problem.
The only people checking in are here to have sex with prostitutes.
What? Nonsense.
Well, then why are they all signing the guest book and writing quaint things like, "Railed Crystal good.
" Oh Damn it, this is awful.
How could I have not noticed sooner? I mean, it's more obvious than when George Takei was in the closet.
Hey, George, how are you? I am a heterosexual.
I love vaginas.
(CHEWING NOISES) So, what are you doing tonight? Hopefully, choking on some lovely lady parts.
Oh, nummers.
All right, that sounds fun.
See you later.
I am a heterosexual.
Good morning, children.
I am your interim principal, Mr.
Griffin.
And to show I'm a fun principal, I'm gonna do the Ice Bucket Challenge.
Three years too late, but right on time for a principal.
And making no less sense than it did when it was current.
(KIDS LAUGHING AND CHEERING) You're welcome, person who's probably already dead.
But, hey, now I got something even more fun.
How about we all do an expertly choreographed lip-dub to a popular song.
("UPTOWN FUNK" BY MARK RONSON AND BRUNO MARS PLAYING) (GUITAR RIFF PLAYING) Ah This hit, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls, straight masterpieces Stylin', wilin', livin' it up in the city (YELLING) Got to kiss myself, I'm so pretty I'm too hot Hot damn Call the police and the fireman Ladies, this is my associate.
Brian, bitches.
Bitches, Brian.
What what's all this? This, Brian, is called diversification.
You see, if our guests insist on bringing prostitutes into our B and B, we might as well provide the women, too.
What? Stewie, we're not gonna become pimps.
Are you sure? I'm sure.
The answer is no, so don't bother flashing a wad of money, because there's no way I'm gonna change my answer in the middle of this sentence Okay, maybe we could try it out and see how it goes.
Hey, what are you girls doing standing around?! Get to work! Ha-ha! I'm telling you, that dog is very easily persuaded.
Now let's see what's going on at the old high school.
Ooh Doo-ooh Doo Hey, guys, guys.
When Borat was making announcements over the P.
A.
this morning, that was me.
What?! Shut the front door.
(IMITATING BORAT): Taco Tuesday is nice.
MEG: Knock it off! Give me back my lunch.
What do we got here? Grape juice in a Ziploc bag? I have to make my own Capri Suns.
Hey, stupid, what the hell are you doing? That's my daughter! Yeah? What are you gonna do about it? What am I gonna do about it? I'll knock your teeth down your throat and out your butt, you little bastard! - (LAUGHS) - Oh, you think that's funny, him spilling juice all over the floor? This is gonna make people's sneakers sticky, and then we're gonna have to listen to (IMITATES STICKY SHOES WALKING) all day! Well, I won't have it.
Get on your knees and lick that up! What? A-Are you serious? Yeah, I'm serious.
I'm the principal! Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed.
What are you talking about? That jerk is finally getting what he deserves.
Yeah, Meg, now that your dad's the principal, you could finally have power over the bullies.
Now, you little punks get to class.
And if you see Miss Millikan, tell her I said, "Hey, what's up?" Huh.
Maybe you're right.
Wow, Dad, that was really something.
Miss Millikan's just a friend.
Oh, I don't mean that.
I mean the way you handled those guys that were picking on me.
Really? I felt like I kind of lost my cool there.
Not at all.
That's what you've got to do more of.
- You were like a real principal there.
- I was? Yeah.
In fact, if you're gonna lead this school, you've got to know that kids need discipline.
Especially kids like them.
And their friends, Jeremy and Bridget.
Oh, really? Where might I find this Jeremy and Bridget? I don't know, study hall, second floor? (LOUD CHATTER) All right, listen up, maggots! Fun's over! There's gonna be some changes around here, and what better way to show you I'm serious than to smash a desk with a baseball bat? (GRUNTS) (GRUNTING) Oh! (GRUNTS) (SCHOOL BELL RINGS) Okay, we'll pick this up on Monday.
Do any of you know my wife Lois? Tell her I'm on the bats and to come get me.
She'll know what it means.
Let's go.
Keep it moving.
Get to class.
Hey, you.
You salute that flag when you walk by, kid.
Loads of people fought for that thing, including yours truly.
Y-You were in the service? I may have misunderstood what "yours truly" means.
Hey, Dad, listen.
The four of us got together last night, and we came up with a list of 11 students and two teachers that you need to do something about.
Maybe you should start with Mark Rutledge.
Why? What'd he do? He wouldn't kiss Ruth at the Sadie Hawkins dance, even though she bought him dinner before at Walt's Roast Beef.
Well, I don't see how that's got anything to do And he called you fat.
Oh, I'm gonna squish him! That's right.
Don't take any crap from anyone.
Oh, I won't.
I'm gonna take down all these punks, just like I did in my 1980s crime series, Gary Ratowski, Hockey Cop.
Gimme that purse! Hey, criminals.
Puck you! (SKATES CLACKING ON CEMENT) Get the puck out of my neighborhood.
Go puck yourself.
(SIREN WAILING) Uh-oh, here come the real cops.
ANNOUNCER: Hockey Cop, not a cop.
All right, ladies, I'm going to put this as gently as I can, but it appears that someone's rectum fell out on the stairs.
Now, whose is it? Be honest.
All right, that's fine.
But let's just agree on a rule that if your rectum falls out on the stairs, it's on you to pick it up.
Look at that, Brian.
Our day has just begun, and there's a line out the door.
I know, we're raking it in.
This is a hell of a lot easier than when I delivered pizza in New Orleans.
(BAND PLAYING LIVELY MUSIC) What the hell? We're all just blocking the street We're all just blocking the street Come on, I got to deliver this pizza.
Five trumpets do the job of one We're all just blocking the street I need to be there in 30 minutes.
It's a company promise! Half the band isn't in the band We're all just blocking the street Oh, thank God.
One of us dropped a contact lens We're going back to block the street Ah, screw it.
We won't stop blocking the street Never stop blocking the street.
Okay, so I think Lee Blanding gets detention.
And for Jason O'Neil, maybe you could pants him during an assembly.
Yes, good.
I like that.
Oh, hi, you two.
What are you working on? Oh, nothing.
I, um I'm just helping Dad with his schedule for tomorrow.
You know, he's really doing a great job.
He's actually made the school a lot better.
Huh.
Well, I got to admit I was skeptical, but it sounds like things are going pretty well down there.
You bet they are.
They'll go even better after The Purge.
The what? Hey, Meg, how about one of these? (GRUNTING) One of them things, yeah? Peter, what the hell are you doing? Uh, he's just saying he wants to use his key to drive me to school tomorrow in his car.
Peter, what exactly are you doing down at that school? I'll tell you what I'm doing.
I'm doing a great job, like when I was a pro football kicker.
(CROWD CHEERING) Yay! Now I can fist bump with black guys.
Nailed it, Peter! There you go! Yeah! We going to the club tonight? - Not you! - Okay! Hey, Brian, what's a "splat job"? I-I don't, I don't know, Stewie.
I'm worried that you're seeing too much.
Good morning, ladies.
Were the paramedics able to resuscitate Lamar Odom? They're still working on it.
(WHEELS SQUEAKING) He's tall, get it? Okay, show's over.
Everybody back to work.
Yeah, about that.
We got to talk.
Oh, uh, sure.
What's up? We just realized we can keep all the money, take your house, and kill you if you try to do anything about it.
All right, we're just gonna step outside and figure out a counter.
(LOCK LATCHING) And they locked us out.
What about my loaf of cinnamon raisin bread?! It's mine! It's not for the whole house! (SIGHS) Let's just go.
They won.
Oh, we'll see about that.
Hello, I'd like to report a brothel operating on Route 6, near Round Hill Road.
Thank you.
You want to eat mangled raisin bread across the street and watch the cops raid the place? Yeah, I'd like that.
(SIRENS WAILING) (CLATTERING) (WOMEN SCREAMING, GUNSHOTS) Oh, here comes the UPS guy.
Oh, I bet he's delivering those marmalade jars we ordered.
Doesn't that feel like a million years ago? Yeah, we don't need those anymore.
Sorry, just send them back.
You can just do that? Oh, yeah, you can just refuse delivery.
You've never done that? I-I genuinely did not know you could do that.
Well, you can.
Anything you order.
If you don't sign for it, it has to go back.
Everyone does it.
Most of what America is now is just boxes going back and forth.
(ROPE WHOOSHING SHARPLY) Students, this is a chair without a seat.
Jeff Banfield, I'd like you to please come down here, take your pants off and sit.
Me? What did I do? You know what you did, Jeff! I don't even know what's going on! Just go, Jeff, or he'll start hitting that trash can with a spoon again.
That means now, Mr.
Banfield! What is going on here? Just a little of the three "R" s Reading, writing and wrecking this guy's sack.
The school board received a very serious complaint.
Mr.
Griffin, you are hereby relieved of your duties.
(GASPS): A promotion? No, you're fired.
We've reinstated Principal Shepherd.
Wait, he's back? But he had that crazy meltdown about his divorce.
Yes, but then I went on a sex trip to Thailand, and I banged all the goofy right out of me.
Wait.
Dad's fired? Who did this? Who turned him in? I did.
PATTY: Hi, Mrs.
Griffin! Hi.
Hi, Patty.
Why, Mom? Because what you and your father have been doing is wrong.
We'll talk about this at home.
Well, I guess your mom was right all along.
I had no business running a school.
Can I be honest with you, Dad? I thought you were awesome.
You stood up for all the kids who get picked on.
You stood up for me.
Wow, so so you think I did a good job being principal? No, you did a good job being my dad.
Come on, Meg, let's go home.
And next time I want to get back at your bullies, I'll do it the old-fashioned way As a grown man beating up teenagers in a parking lot.
I'm planning on dying tonight.
What are your plans? (THUNDER CRASHES) 

Guy! Ah, the water park.
Happy anniversary, Lois.
Everybody meet back here in six hours.
I can't wait to get everyone else's body water in my mouth.
Uh, where's the slide? Just eat this Starburst.
Wow, lemons, oranges, cherries.
- So juicy! - (THUD) I don't think that was a Starburst.
I think that may have just been acid.
Would you like to ride the Skittles rainbow now? Is it also acid? My friend, I'm an adult who works at a water park.
If I give you something, it's acid.
No going down headfirst, and wait till I say it's okay.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Hey! MEG: I'm gaining on you, Brian.
BRIAN: Meg, slow down.
You're coming way too fast.
Ew, Brian, what happened? (MUFFLED SPEECH): I don't know.
Hey, idiot, you got to wait till the guy says go.
Excuse me, do you think you can help me out? Sure, just let me do an awkward, extremely unattractive pool walk over to you.
(GRUNTING) (EXHALES): Hey, what's up? My top came off on the slide.
I think I may have seen you put it in your shorts.
Okay, well, here's my shorts.
Just fish out the one that's yours.
Thank you so much.
I'm Isabella.
I'm Chris.
Listen, my aunt is waiting for me, but it was nice to meet you, Chris.
You, too.
Enjoy the boobs of your morning.
Afternoon! Enjoy the boobs of your afternoon.
(LAUGHS) My word, Chris, that girl was totally into you.
You should ask her out.
Really? But what if she says no? Hey, if you want something, you've got to go for it.
Just like the fat man did when he changed his name.
I'm looking for a Peter Ferrari.
Obviously, that's me.
Yes, there's a soiled pair of Ferrari underwear in the men's room trash.
Who took 'em out of the sink? They were soaking.
Sir, I can't park this.
There's diarrhea all over the front seat of your PT Cruiser.
Isabella, listen, I'm not great at this, but (GRUNTS) Told you.
Also, I was wondering if there's any chance you'd maybe want to go out with me sometime.
Oh, Chris, that's sweet, but I don't think you'd want to go out with me.
- Why not? - It's just that, well, I have kids.
Oh, wow.
And a couple of cuties.
We got any teeth coming in? Oh, oh, I think I feel something.
Please, please don't do that.
Hey, your aunt is Consuela? Hi, Consuela.
- You two know each other? - Oh, yeah.
"Lemon Pledge," "No, no.
" All that stuff.
Is time to go.
Lemon Pledge, no, no.
(LAUGHS) See? But wait, Isabella, I don't care that you have kids.
I'd still like to go out with you.
Wow, that's really sweet, Chris.
Okay, you're on.
Here's my number.
Oh, boy, I haven't been this excited since our trip to Philadelphia.
MAN (OVER P.
A.
): Ladies and gentlemen, Flight 427 to Philadelphia has been canceled.
ALL: Yay! (SLURPING) I saw Lady and the Tramp, so I asked if we could eat spaghetti in the alley, but they said no, because of all the homeless masturbation.
Oh, I love that movie.
Chris, I'm having a really nice time with you.
You are? Listen, this is probably lame, but I learned a little bit of your language, and I just wanted to say What language is that? You're Korean, are you not? No, I'm Mexican.
(LAUGHING) Hey, Chris.
Where are you off to? Oh, Isabella's coming by, and we're gonna take the kids to the park.
Wow, you two are spending a lot of time together.
Uh, are you sure you want to date a girl who's had so much experience? What do you mean? Like, maybe she's got some city miles on her voo-voo.
Not to mention a couple of blowouts.
- (CHUCKLES): Hey, Bri - Yup, I heard you.
She's talking about her kids, Chris.
Oh, I don't care about that, Mom.
I just want to make sure you're not getting in over your head.
Well, I'm sure someone's already been in there deeper than that, Lois.
(CHUCKLES): Brian.
(KNOCK ON DOOR) Oh, hello, Isabella.
Hi, Mrs.
Griffin, Mr.
Griffin.
Mr.
Griffin's up here, sweetheart.
Well, I guess you two have fun.
Okay, bye.
Look, I can see why you're concerned that Chris' girlfriend has kids, but he's happy, and she seems like she's into him.
Plus, she's she's hot.
Yeah, she is.
I bit my lip off.
(THUMP ON WINDOW) - (THUMP) - (SIGHS) - (THUMP) - Go away, Mr.
Herbert! HERBERT: It's not me.
I'm in your closet.
Isabella.
Is everything okay? Chris, I just wanted to say good-bye.
Wha-What do you mean? I found out that I'm going to be deported.
They're sending me back to Mexico in the morning.
So, in other words, this could have waited till the morning? I didn't want to leave without saying good-bye.
But they can't send you away.
There's got to be something we can do.
Unfortunately, there's not.
But don't worry, I'm planning on getting back into the country as soon as I can.
What are you gonna do, just leave the babies with Consuela? I wish I could, but she works seven days a week, between housekeeping and being the new CEO of Yahoo.
Maybe we should improve our business model.
No, no.
Improve our original content? No, no.
So we have no corporate identity? We secondary e-mail people use to sign up for porn sites.
So, are you taking your boys back with you? I guess I have no choice.
But I hate having to.
The whole reason I left Mexico was to give them a better life.
Well, I could take them until you get back.
I mean, I'm no expert at this sort of thing, but (GRUNTING) Wow, you're getting better at that.
But I can't ask you to take care of my children.
Isabella, I want to do this.
Chris, stop.
You would really look after my kids for me? Of course I would.
You're a wonderful man, Chris Griffin.
Thank you.
Gracias.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
Don't worry, I'm gonna take good care of you.
I'm gonna call you "Juan," and I'm gonna call you "Two.
" Good, he's been reading the book.
Uh, Dad, you're reading the paper upside down.
Wrong again, idiot.
Chris, what are you doing with Isabella's babies? And why are you holding them that way? You'll hurt them.
Where's Isabella? She got deported this morning.
Deported? A-And she just left her babies with you? Well, just until she can come back.
Chris, are you crazy? What makes you think you can take care of two babies? I don't know, I've seen her take care of them.
I see you with Stewie.
Frankly, it doesn't seem that hard.
You just shattered her world.
Shattered.
Absolutely not, Chris.
I will not allow this.
Look, I made a promise to Isabella, and I'm gonna keep it.
Now, if you'll excuse me, these two need to eat.
He bought a breast-feeding book.
Someone may want to pop in on him.
There's no way Chris is gonna be able to take care of two babies.
Well, maybe he should have thought of that before he opened his slut legs.
No, Peter, that's not Anyway, we got to call Child Services.
Lois, if you do that, Chris will resent you for the rest of his life.
Then what do you suggest we do? I say you let him try.
Trust me, one day of watching those kids, and he'll want them out of here.
(SIGHS) All right, fine.
Yes, taking care of kids is a 24-hour job.
Like when I worked at that all-night diner from that painting.
They kicked me out of the war for kissing a guy.
All right, guys, nothing but the best for you two, so I got you all-organic, non-GMO, no-hormone food.
That'll be $500.
Ah, well, sorry, kids.
Looks like we're gonna go to Jersey Mike's and hope that future science will save us.
Yay, we're jar people! Ah! Science, help! ANNOUNCER: Jersey Mike's.
Bring your girlfriend with the fat ass in here.
Hey, guys, how about a little TV? We can watch a baby thing together.
Baby Einstein, Muppet Babies.
Uh, what's CSI: Babies? - (BABIES CRYING) - STEWIE: What's this? They can't solve this crime, they're just frightened babies.
They don't even know it's a crime, they just know their parents aren't there.
They're scared, now I'm scared.
Turn this off! Aah, that's not what I want! Aah, I'm gonna go hide in my couch fort! Is CSI: Babies over yet? (KNOCKS ON DOOR) Oh, hello, Consuela.
You must be here for the twins.
No, no take babies.
I have good news and ay, ay, ay news.
Okay, give us the ay, ay, ay news first.
Isabella no can come back.
Stuck in Mexico.
The babies, they stay here.
What?! What's the good news? Good news is bus get new wiper blades.
No more "ee-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
" "Ee-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
" Well, these kids are not staying here.
You got to take them.
How can I take them when I was never here? Wow, she's like the Mexican David Blaine.
Wait, is David Blaine Mexican? He's something.
Peter, forget that.
What are we gonna do? Chris can't just be stuck with these babies.
Why not? I'm doing a great job.
I love Isabella and I love her kids.
Chris, you're living in a dreamland.
How are you gonna support two babies? I could just take some time off school and get a job.
No, absolutely not.
Well, now-now hold on, Lois, hold on, maybe Chris getting a job's not the worst idea.
I mean, I made pretty good money when I hosted that confusing game show.
All right, Phil, come stand by me, it's Ashley's turn.
Ashley, go ahead, pick an answer, find a question, spin the table, and remember, the clock is ticking backwards.
- I'll pass? - (BUZZER SOUND) Congrats, you win.
Sorry to see you go.
And, Phil, we'll see you tomorrow.
Well, that's all the time we have.
For those of you playing at home, why? And how? Audience? AUDIENCE: Why and how! Stop that! Forget it, I will not allow you to drop out of school.
If Isabella can't get here to take her kids back, we'll just have to bring them to her.
What? What do you mean? I mean we're going to Mexico so we can give these kids back to their mother.
Peter, back me up here.
Let's get those kids back to their mama.
(CLAP TWICE) Look how winded he is from doing that one spin.
(BREATHING HEAVILY): Your mother's right, Chris.
We're going to Mexico.
Oh.
I got to sit.
All right, we're off to Mexico.
If you kids are good, we'll bring you back a tangled marionette.
Is it gonna be a long trip, Dad? No, not too bad.
Especially since we're gonna do it to the wrong stock footage.
Boy, what a trip.
(CHICKEN CLUCKS) Chris, are you sure this is Isabella's village? - (GOAT BLEATS) - This place looks pretty rough.
Yeah, this is it.
Santa Terrible.
Look, there she is! Chris! What in the Mind of Mencia are you doing here? (GASPS) My babies! Isabella, I missed you so much.
Ay, Chris, I missed you, too.
Look, Isabella, you shouldn't be separated from your children, so we've brought them to you.
We wish you all the best.
Say good-bye, Chris.
Mom, we can't just leave them here.
This is no place for Isabella to raise a family.
(VARIOUS ANIMAL NOISES, SIREN CHIRPS) (HANDCUFFS CLICK) Oh, you're right, Chris.
I didn't want you to have to raise those babies yourself.
But as a mom, I don't know if I can in good conscience leave this family here.
We'll just have to smuggle her and her babies back in.
Well, no one's better at smuggling than El Chapo.
Maybe he can help us.
How are you gonna get El Chapo to help? It's easy.
All you got to do is say "dyed black eyebrows" into the wind, and he appears.
Dyed black eyebrows.
Can I help you? Peter Gallagher? Maybe I can help.
Mark Cuban? Oh, we're getting all the wrong eyebrow guys.
Mrs.
Griffin, you would take the risk of smuggling me and my children across the border? But you could be arrested.
I realize that, but you have just as much right to a decent life for your children as anyone else.
Now we just need a plan.
All right, what if we run! (COUGHS) Damn it, Peter! What about Quagmire? He could probably get his hands on a plane.
Lois, that's actually a great idea.
"Actually"? W-Why are you saying it like that? And Quagmire owes me a favor anyway, remember? Last time he went out of town, I sat on his eggs for him.
LOIS: Peter, it's time for lunch.
Sorry, Lois, can't leave the eggs till Quagmire gets back.
We're having sloppy joes.
Well, I guess I haven't seen that mongoose in a while.
LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.
Yeah, I heard.
Please say you got the onion bun We're having sloppy joes.
(GASPS) Mongoose! (GASPS) Mongeese! Hey, just a heads-up, my dad's friend, Mr.
Quagmire, is gonna say a lot of stuff to you, and it's all gonna be disgusting.
Hey, you must be Isabella.
I came as soon as I heard about you.
And then I got on my plane.
(CHUCKLES) All right.
MAN: Hold it right there! Uh-oh.
Somebody's coming.
N-Now, hold on, hold on.
I put my business card in a fishbowl at an El Torito.
This could be about that.
Policía! Put your hands up! Is this about the raffle for the free lunch? Does it have to be during the week, because I Aah! Wait a second, are we being arrested? We've done nothing wrong.
We're not arresting you.
We're taking your plane.
And, Javier, get their keys and take their SUV.
Ah, that stupid, fat guido.
No, Peter, that's the wrong racial slur.
No, I know, I was just thinking about Snooki.
(HAWK SCREECHES) Boy, I can't believe there'd be corrupt cops in Mexico.
Yeah, Donald Trump was right: his daughter is a hot piece of ass.
Uh, you guys, don't panic, but there's a couple of coyotes over there.
(SNARLING) Oh, like Coyote Ugly with Piper Perabo.
Peh I-is that it? Peh-Peh-ree Peh-ree-bow? Peh-Pera Pera-Pera-boo? Pera-boo? Say it with me.
Per-Per-a-bow.
Is that right? It's weird, but you remember.
You know? I guess I guess that's the point.
Do you think she's set for life? Peter, we're about to die! (SNARLS, GROWLS) No, my babies! Get out of here! You leave them alone! Ow! (GRUNTING) Ah! Chris! (GROANING) (CHRIS GRUNTS, COYOTE WHIMPERS) You guys, I've been bit! And it got away with my friendship bracelet.
You are a boy.
Chris, you saved my babies.
Oh, my God, Peter, we did nothing.
We're his parents and we did nothing.
I know, but, wow, did you see how Chris took care of those kids? Up till now, the only thing he could take care of was my traffic tickets.
- Name? - Uh, Peter Griffin.
Peter Griffin's here to surrender for his vehicular manslaughter.
What? No.
I'm a good boy! He is a good boy.
Oh, this is awful.
Chris is injured, and we're completely out of food and water.
I know.
I'm so thirsty, I'd be willing to drink anyone's pee.
Not-Not yours, Chris or Peter.
But, you know, you know, anyone.
Mom, Dad, thanks for trying to help.
You know, I just wanted to do the right thing, but now we're all gonna die.
Did-Did you gals hear my pee thing? (VEHICLE APPROACHES) Time for clean getaway.
- Consuela? - ¿Tía? Ay, thank God.
How did you find us? Babies' earring have chip.
Oh, well, this is great.
Can you help us get to the border? Oh, you already in United States.
We are? Yes, this Texas.
What? S-So, wait, so we walked right across the border and didn't even know it? That is a problem.
Right? I mean, politics aside, we can all agree, that is a problem.
Thanks for the ride, Consuela.
And thanks for talking us on that little detour to Dollywood.
Was I right, or was I right? Yep, totally worth the extra two days.
Look, Chris, I owe you an apology.
I didn't believe in you.
I was wrong to say you couldn't handle the responsibility of taking care of two kids.
Y-You risked your life for those babies.
Well, I didn't want them to get hurt.
That's right.
Because you care about them, just like you care about Isabella.
And if you want to continue to date her and be a part of those kids' lives, I'd be just fine with that.
Are you kidding? Screw that.
Looking after babies is a nightmare.
Oh, you have no idea.
You know how many times I had you kids in the oven, just daring myself to turn it on? Well, thanks for trusting me to figure it out for myself.
I love you, Mom.
I love you, too, sweetheart.
Isabella, being with you has been really great.
But I think I realized my mom was right.
I'm too young to be taking on this much responsibility.
I understand.
But I know someday you will make an incredible father.
Good-bye, Chris.
Good-bye, Isabella.
LOIS: Chris, time for dinner.
We're having sloppy joes.
Oh, boy! LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.
Yeah, I heard you.
Oh, dear God.
Oh, they're all dead.
No, please, no! (GUNSHOTS) LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.
We're having sloppy joes.
We're having sloppy joes.