Mean Girls Script
SCENE 1:
Cady: Hi. I don't know if anyone told you about me. I'm a new student here. My
name is Cady Heron.
Janice: You don't wanna sit there. Kristen Hadley's boyfriend is gonna sit there.
(Cady moves to another chair)
Janice: He farts a lot.
Mrs Duvall: Hey, everybody.
Cady: Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Mrs Duvall: Well, I just wanted to let everyone know that we have a new student
joining us. She just moved here all the way from Africa. Her name is Cady. Cady
Heron. Where are you, Cady?
Cady: That's me. It's pronounced like Katie.
Mr Duvall: My apologies. I have a nephew named Anfernee, and I know how mad he
gets when I call him Anthony. Almost as mad as I get when I think about the fact that
my sister named him Anfernee. OK. Good day, everybody.
SCENE 2:
Damian: Is that your natural hair colour?
Cady: Yeah.
Damian: It's gorgeous.
Cady: Thank you.
(Damian grabs her hair and puts it on his head to compare colours)
Damian: See, this is the colour I want.
Janis: This is Damian. He's almost too gay to function.
Cady: Nice to meet you.
Girl: Nice wig, Janis. What's it made of?
Janis: Your mom's chest hair!! I'm Janis.
Cady: Hi, I'm Cady. Do you guys know where Room G is? (Janis grabs her timetable)
Janis: "Health, Tuesday/Thursday, Room G." I think that's in the back building.
Damian: Yeah, that's in the back building.
Janis: Yeah, we'll take you there.
Cady: Thanks.
(Walking through the corridor)
Damian: Watch out, please! New meat coming through!
Janis: "Health. Spanish." You're taking top grade calculus?
Cady: Yeah, I like math.
Janis: Why?
Cady: Because it's the same in every country.
Damian: That's beautiful. This girl is deep.
Cady: Where's the back building?
Janis: It burned down in 1984.
Cady: Won't we get in some sort of trouble for this?
Janis: Why would we get you into trouble? We're your friends.
Damian: Why didn't they just keep home-schooling you?
Cady: They wanted me to get socialized.
Janis: Oh, you'll get socialized, all right. A little slice like you.
Cady: What are you talking about?
Janis: You're a regulation hottie.
Cady: What?
Damian: Own it.
SCENE 3:
Janis: How do you spell your name again, Cady?
Cady: It's Cady. C-A-D-Y.
Janis: Yeah, I'm gonna call you Cady.
Damian: In the name of all that is holy, will you look at Karen Smith's gym clothes?
Of course all The Plastics are in the same gym class.
Cady: Who are The Plastics?
Janis: They're teen royalty. If North Shore was Us Weekly, they would always be on
the cover. That one there, that's Karen Smith. She is one of the dumbest girls you will
ever meet. Damian sat next to her in English last year.
Damian: She asked me how to spell "orange".
Janis: And that little one? That's Gretchen Wieners. She's totally rich because her
dad invented Toaster Strudel. Gretchen Wieners knows everybody's business.
Damian: She knows everything about everyone. That's why her hair is so big. It's full
of secrets.
Janis: And evil takes a human form in Regina George. Don't be fooled, because she
may seem like your typical selfish, back-stabbing teenage brat. But in reality, she is
so much more than that.
Damian: She's the queen bee. The star. Those other two are just her little workers.
Janis: Regina George. How do I even begin to explain Regina George?
Cady: I'm new. I just moved here from Africa.
Regina: What?
Cady: I used to be home-schooled.
Regina: Wait. What?
Cady: My mom taught me at home...
Regina: No, no. I know what home-school is. I'm not an idiot. So you've actually
never been to a real school before? Shut up. Shut up!
Cady: I didn't say anything.
Regina: Home-schooled. That's really interesting.
Cady: Thanks.
Regina: But you're, like, really pretty.
Cady: Thank you.
Regina: So you agree.
Cady: What?
Regina: You think you're really pretty.
Cady: Oh, I don't know...
Regina: Oh, my God, I love your bracelet. Where did you get it?
Cady: Oh, my mom made it for me.
Regina: It's adorable.
Gretchen: Oh, it's so fetch.
Regina: What is "fetch"?
Gretchen: Oh, it's, like, slang. From England.
Karen: So if you're from Africa...why are you white?
Gretchen: Oh, my God, Karen, you can't just ask people why they're white.
Regina: Could you give us some privacy for, like, one second?
Cady: Yeah, sure.
Regina: OK, you should just know that we don't do this a lot, so this is, like, a really
huge deal.
Gretchen: We wanna invite you to have lunch with us every day for the rest of the
week.
Cady: Oh, it's OK...
Regina: Coolness. So we'll see you tomorrow.
Karen: On Wednesdays, we wear pink.