BACK ON KELDYSH, Rose smiles at Brock's incomprehension.

                                   ROSE

The hardest part about being so poor, was being so rich. But every time I
though of selling it, I though of Cal. And somehow I always got by without
his help.

She holds it out over the water. Bodine and a couple of the other guys come
up behind Lovett, reacting to what is in Rose's hand.

                                  BODINE

Holy shit.

                                  LOVETT

Don't drop it Rose.

                                  BODINE

                            (a fierce whisper)

Rush her.

                                  LOVETT

                                (to Bodine)

It's hers, you schmuck.

                                 (to her)

Look, Rose, I... I don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off
the Titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it when it is...
we're not dealing with logic here, I know that... but please... think about
this a second.

                                   ROSE

I have. I came all the way here so this could go back where it belongs.

The massive diamond glitters. Brock edges closer and holds out his hand...

                                  LOVETT

Just let me hold it in my hand, Rose. Please. Just once.

He comes closer to her. It is reminiscent of Jack slowly moving up to her
at the stern of Titanic.

Surprisingly, she calmly places the massice stone in the palm of his hand,
while still holding onto the necklace. Lovett gazes at the object of his
quest. An infinity of cold scalpels glint in its blue depths. It is
mesmerizing. It fits in his hand just like he imagined.

                                  LOVETT

My God.

His grip tightens on the diamond.

He looks up, meeting her gaze. Her eyes are suddenly infinitely wise and
deep.

                                   ROSE

You look for treasures in the wrong place, Mr. Lovett. Only life is
priceless, and making each day count.

His fingers relax. He opens them slowly. Gently she slips the diamond out
of his hand. He feels it sliding away.

Then, with an impish little grin, Rose tosses the necklace over the rail.
Lovett gives a strangled cry and rushes to the rail in time to see it hit
the water and disappear forever.

                                  BODINE

Aww!! That really sucks, lady!

Brock Lovett goes through ten changes before he settles on a reaction... HE
LAUGHS. He laughs until the tears come to his eyes. Then he turns to Lizzy.

                                  LOVETT

Would you like to dance?

Lizzy grins at him and nods. Rose smiles. She looks up at the stars.

308 IN THE BLACK HEART OF THE OCEAN, the diamond sinks, twinkling end over
end, into the infinate depths.

                                                                   CUT TO:

309 INT. ROSE'S CABIN / KELDYSH

A GRACEFUL PAN across Rose's shelf of carefully arranged pictures:

Rose as a young actress in California, radiant... a theatrically lit studio
publicity shot... Rose and her husband, with their two children... Rose
with her son at his college graduation... Rose with her children and
grandchildren at her 70th birthday. A collage of images of a life lived
well.

THE PAN STOPS on an image filling frame. Rose, circa 1920. She is at the
beach, sitting on a horse at the surfline. The Santa Monica pier, with its
rollercoaster is behind her. She is grinning, full of life.

We PAN OFF the last picture to Rose herself, warm in her bunk. A profile
shot. She is very still. She could be sleeping, or maybe something else.

                                                                   CUT TO:

BLACKNESS

310 THE WRECK OF TITANIC looms like a ghost out of the dark. It is lit by a
kind of moonlight, a light of the mind. We pass over the endless forecastle
deck to the superstructure, moving faster than subs can move... almost like
we are flying.

WE GO INSIDE, and the echoing sound of distant waltz music is heard. The
rust fades away from the walls of the dark corridor and it is
transformed... WE EMERGE onto the grand staircase, lit by glowing
chandelier. The music is vibrant now, and the room is populated by men in
tie and tails, women in gowns. It is exquisitely beautiful.

IN POV we sweep down the staircase. The crowd of beautiful gentlmen and
ladies turn as we descend toward them. At the bottom a man stands with his
back to us... he turns and it is Jack. Smiling he holds his hand out toward
us.

IN A SIDE ANGLE Rose goes into his arms, a girl of 17. The passengers,
officers and crew of the RMS Titanic smile and applaud in the utter silence
of the abyss.

                                                                   FADE OUT


THE END